[Skip to main content]()

![](/ChanelCareers/assets/banner)

Media Assistant - Intern page is loaded

## Media Assistant - Intern

[Apply](https://cc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/ChanelCareers/job/Duba/Media-
Assistant---Intern_JOBREQ00098578/apply?source=Job_Board_Linkedin)

## Media Assistant - Intern

[Apply](https://cc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/ChanelCareers/job/Duba/Media-
Assistant---Intern_JOBREQ00098578/apply?source=Job_Board_Linkedin)

locations

    Dubaï

time type

    Full time

posted on

    Posted 11 Days Ago

job requisition id

    JOBREQ00098578

Reporting to the Media Manager, you will assist her in daily tasks related to
media activations of all three divisions: Fragrances & Beauty, Watches & Fine
Jewelry and Fashion for the Middle East & India.

**MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES**

**Campaign Planning & Reporting**

Assist in day-to-day coordination with media agency on plans and
implementation of digital campaigns to launch in timely manner

Coordinate with media agency and Europe teams on campaign asset requests

Analyze and create internal budget and campaigns reports

Work closely with each division and PR team on launches and campaigns

**Digital**

On social media, search, display, e-retailers, you will coordinate:

  * translations of social campaigns
  * with digital team on cross functional projects
  * with e-retailers on social campaigns and reports
  * campaigns validation (social)
  * landing pages on CHANEL.com
  * with media agency on paid search campaigns

**Budget**

Assist in verifying that the global media plan is updated and in line with
budgets

Assist in tracking invoices vs budgets

Assist in budget reporting and closings

**PROFILE**

English & Arabic speaking, reading, and writing is a must

Has first experience in media preferably within a media agency

Has great organizational skills, detail -oriented, pro-active, able to work in
fast paced environment and multi-task

Has strong communication and inter-personal skills

Good Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills

Good digital landscape knowledge and social media knowledge

### About Us

![Logo](/wday/cxs/cc/ChanelCareers/sidebarimage/db6753494704013b48abcd0327022f01)

Chanel is a world leader in creating, manufacturing and distributing luxury
products, including Ready-to-Wear, Accessories, Fragrances, Makeup, Skincare,
Jewellery and Watches. Founded by Gabrielle Chanel in 1910, the House remains
dedicated to quality craftsmanship and offering high-end creations. At
present, Chanel employs more than 32,000 people worldwide.

As an independent company, its core values are grounded in:

  * Exceptional creation and client experience

  * Nurturing human potential 

  * Having a positive impact – on people, the environment and communities around the world. 

As part of this, the House promotes arts, culture and creativity, while
investing significantly in key areas including research & development,
sustainability, and innovation.

Chanel is dedicated to creating the conditions for people to perform at their
best, building on their strengths and enabling them to benefit from new
opportunities. It offers a unique working environment where people are given
time to understand the brand, the business, and develop their personal
motivations. This means everyone can grow, continue to be inspired and feel
included, now and in the future. The company fosters true collaboration and
respect for all, grounded in the belief that diversity is essential to the
success of the organisation and its people.

Chanel remains committed to rewarding people competitively, as well as
offering initiatives such as wellbeing programmes, learning and development
opportunities, and parental leave for all parents globally.

Read More

© 2025 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.

