Ce portail protège votre vie privée en adhérant au Règlement général sur la
protection des données (RGPD) de l'Union européenne. Nous n'utiliserons pas
vos données à des fins auxquelles vous n'avez pas consenti. Nous demandons
l'utilisation de données anonymes pour améliorer votre expérience sur notre
site.

Accepter toutRejeter tout __Paramètres avancésParamètres avancés

###### Essentiels

Cookies indispensables au bon fonctionnement du portail. Il est impossible de
les désactiver.

Performance

###### Performance

Cookies qui permettent au site de compter les visites et/ou de suivre
l'activité des personnes afin de mesurer et d'améliorer les performances.

Fonctionnels

###### Fonctionnels

Cookies qui améliorent ou ajoutent des fonctionnalités au portail (qui
ajoutent par exemple des polices ou des chats, qui intègrent des vidéos).
S’ils sont refusés, certaines ou l’ensemble de ces fonctionnalités sont
susceptibles de ne pas fonctionner correctement.

Enregistrer et fermer

![](https://jobs.totalenergies.com/portal/4/images/bannerImages/Finance.jpg)

  * [ Accueil ](https://jobs.totalenergies.com/fr_FR/careers/Home)
  * ... 
  * [ Rechercher un emploi ](https://jobs.totalenergies.com/fr_FR/careers/SearchJobs#jobs)
  * Description de l'emploi 

##  Project Finance Analyst Internship

Pays

     Emirats Arabes Unis 

Ville

     DUBAI 

Lieu de travail

     DUBAI-U BORA TWRS(ARE) 

Société employeur

     TotalEnergies Renewables Development Middle East 

Domaine

     Finance 

Type de contrat

     Stage conventionné 

     **Durée du contrat**  
6 Mois

Expérience

     Moins de 3 ans 

###  **Contexte et environnement**

    

**Overview**

****

Energy is at the heart of numerous future challenges. Across the globe,
TotalEnergies’ employees are dedicated to providing safer, more reliable,
affordable, and cleaner energy. TotalEnergies aims to become the leading
responsible energy major and a global leader in developing and distributing
low-carbon energy.

Join TotalEnergies Renewables to embrace a new challenge in the renewable
energy sector within the TotalEnergies Company. We are seeking a talented,
committed, and entrepreneurial project finance analyst.

In an industry that is transforming the world’s energy landscape, there’s no
better place to be than TotalEnergies Renewables!

The Project Finance and Economics Team is responsible for (i) defining the
financing strategy for TotalEnergies Renewables’ projects, (ii) raising the
necessary non-recourse debt to partially fund its developments, (iii)
preparing and assessing project economics, and (iv) advising on equity
strategies.

###  **Activités**

    

  

**Essential Duties and Responsibilities for a Project Finance Intern** include
the following tasks. Other duties may be assigned on a need basis.

  * Assist the team on presentations for potential financing & equity partners.
  * Prepare and update contact lists for banks and investors, including profiles and comparative tables of financing offers.
  * Support the data room for renewables projects and assist senior team members with various project finance tasks (due diligence, loan documentation, etc.).
  * Conduct financial modeling for renewables projects (solar, onshore wind, or battery/storage) to evaluate economic profitability and propose financial optimizations.
  * Run scenarios, sensitivities, and ad-hoc analyses to support the project team.
  * Prepare internal committee presentations (financial statements, economic results for TotalEnergies Renewables, sensitivities) for senior management.
  * Issue and follow up on bank guarantees.

###  **Profil du candidat**

    

**Skills and educational requirements**

  * Degree from an Engineering School, Business School, Sciences Po, or University.
  * Proficiency in Microsoft Office, especially Excel (knowledge of VBA is a plus).
  * Previous experience with financial models is preferred.
  * Basic understanding of accounting/finance (P&L, CFS, BS, etc.).
  * Strong presentation and interpersonal skills; clear communication in both oral and written forms.
  * Ability to manage multiple work streams simultaneously and work autonomously.
  * Rigorous and well-organized.
  * Fluent in English.

###  **Informations supplémentaires**

     **TotalEnergies valorise la diversité, promeut le développement individuel et offre des opportunités d'emploi égales à tous les candidats.**

[ Postuler
](https://jobs.totalenergies.com/fr_FR/careers/ApplicationMethods?jobId=59760)

Partager cette offre :

  * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fjobs.totalenergies.com%2Ffr_FR%2Fcareers%2FJobDetail%2FProject-Finance-Analyst-Internship%2F59760&display=popup)
  * [Email](mailto:?subject=Project%20Finance%20Analyst%20Internship%20-%20Job%20detail%20%7C%20Careers%20Portal%20-%20TotalEnergies&body=https%3A%2F%2Fjobs.totalenergies.com%2Ffr_FR%2Fcareers%2FJobDetail%2FProject-Finance-Analyst-Internship%2F59760)
  * [X](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https%3A%2F%2Fjobs.totalenergies.com%2Ffr_FR%2Fcareers%2FJobDetail%2FProject-Finance-Analyst-Internship%2F59760&text=Project+Finance+Analyst+Internship)
  * [LinkedIn](https://jobs.totalenergies.com/_linkedinApiv2?portalUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fjobs.totalenergies.com%2F&action=INIT_SHARE&shareUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fjobs.totalenergies.com%2Ffr_FR%2Fcareers%2FJobDetail%2FProject-Finance-Analyst-Internship%2F59760)

[ < Retour à la recherche d’offres
](https://jobs.totalenergies.com/fr_FR/careers/SearchJobs#jobs)

![](https://jobs.totalenergies.com/portal/4/images/bannerImages/gas_Renewables_And_Power_2.jpg)

