Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department Biology, Chemistry and Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-biology)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biochemistry](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-chemistry-and-biochemistry)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Environmental Sciences and Sustainability](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-environmental-sciences-and-sustainability)
    * [Minor in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-biology)
    * [Minor in Environmental Policy](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-policy)
    * [Minor in Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-sciences)
    * [Pre-med Track](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/pre-med-track)
  * [Facilities](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=facilities)
  * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=faculty)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

### [College of Arts and Sciences](https://www.aus.edu/cas) [Department of
Biology, Chemistry and Environmental
Sciences](https://www.aus.edu/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-
environmental-sciences-)

##  Biology, Chemistry and Environmental Sciences

  * [Department Biology, Chemistry and Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-biology)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biochemistry](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-chemistry-and-biochemistry)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Environmental Sciences and Sustainability](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-environmental-sciences-and-sustainability)
    * [Minor in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-biology)
    * [Minor in Environmental Policy](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-policy)
    * [Minor in Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-sciences)
    * [Pre-med Track](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/pre-med-track)
  * [Facilities](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=facilities)
  * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=faculty)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

# Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biochemistry

[CAS](/cas) > [Departments](/cas/departments) > [Biology, Chemistry and
Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-
environmental-sciences) > [Programs](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-
environmental-sciences?t=programs) > Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and
Biochemistry

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/bachelor-of-science-in-
chemistry.jpg)

**Chemistry and Biochemistry have the solutions for life and matter**

A Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biochemistry from AUS opens up exciting
career opportunities. As science and technology rapidly advance, highly
qualified science professionals are a top choice for employers across the
world.

With a degree in chemistry and biochemistry from AUS, you can join a range of
research sectors, take on roles in chemical industries or healthcare, be part
of cutting-edge development and more. Our program will provide you with a
strong academic foundation in inorganic, organic and physical chemistry, and
offer you the chance to pursue specialized courses in analytical, instrumental
and biological chemistry.

**What we offer**

Our program provides a high-quality, laboratory-rich learning environment
where you will learn proper laboratory protocols, plan and conduct experiments
in various areas of chemistry and biochemistry, practice the scientific
method, analyze data, and reach logical and reasonable conclusions. You will
have the opportunity to participate in cutting-edge research under the
direction of our [world-class faculty](https://www.aus.edu/cas/department-of-
biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/faculty), and you will be
supported to have your work published in major research journals and
publications and to attend international research conferences.

Beyond the classroom, students can expand their knowledge and build their
leadership skills by participating in the American Chemical Society Student
Chapter at AUS, which hosts interesting speakers on topics such as
[forensics](https://www.aus.edu/media/news/students-from-schools-across-the-
uae-learn-how-science-can-fight-crime), or by joining in other related events
and activities.

**Where a degree in chemistry and biochemistry can take you**

Offering fully accredited American-style education, our program offers you
integrated knowledge of contemporary principles and applications of chemistry
and biochemistry that will prepare you for advanced degrees and careers in
teaching, research, industry, education and business. Our graduates have gone
on to pursue further study at graduate programs in some of the best
universities around the world or have joined the workforce in a wide range of
fields such as agricultural companies, chemical manufacturing plants, forensic
laboratories and many others.

Upon graduation, our students will be able to:

  * apply technologies and use advanced chemical instrumentation such as nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), high-pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC), inductively coupled plasma spectrometry (ICP) and Fourier-transform infrared spectrometry (FTIR)
  * identify and carry out thoughtful approaches to chemistry-related problems, understand ethical issues and chemical waste management
  * define simple research tasks, carry them out and use appropriate statistical analysis in the treatment of data

_Find our program brochure[here](https://www.aus.edu/cas/brochures)._

Ready to apply? [Click here.](https://www.aus.edu/apply)

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

