Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department of English](/cas/department-of-english-)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-english?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Arts in English Language and Literature](/cas/department-of-english/bachelor-of-arts-in-english-language-and-literature)
    * [Master of Arts in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages](/cas/department-of-english/master-of-arts-in-teaching-english-to-speakers-of-other-languages)
    * [Minor in English Language and Literature](/cas/department-of-english/minor-in-english-language-and-literature)
  * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-english?t=faculty)
  * [Spotlight](/cas/department-of-english?t=spotlight)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

### [College of Arts and Sciences](https://www.aus.edu/cas) [Department of
English](https://www.aus.edu/cas/department-of-english-)

##  English

  * [Department of English](/cas/department-of-english-)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-english?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Arts in English Language and Literature](/cas/department-of-english/bachelor-of-arts-in-english-language-and-literature)
    * [Master of Arts in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages](/cas/department-of-english/master-of-arts-in-teaching-english-to-speakers-of-other-languages)
    * [Minor in English Language and Literature](/cas/department-of-english/minor-in-english-language-and-literature)
  * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-english?t=faculty)
  * [Spotlight](/cas/department-of-english?t=spotlight)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

# Bachelor of Arts in English Language and Literature

[CAS](/cas) > [Departments](/cas/departments) > [English](/cas/department-of-
english) > [Programs](/cas/department-of-english?t=programs) > Bachelor of
Arts in English Language and Literature

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/_dsc0352a.jpg)

The Department of English offers a Bachelor of Arts in English Language and
Literature (BAELL).

The degree fosters intellectual inquiry through an integrated approach to
language and literature and prepares students to engage with the complex
relationship between language, texts, thought and culture. This program
emphasizes critical reading skills, the analysis of texts and language in
context, and clarity in writing. Students will deepen their appreciation of
cultural diversity and increase their understanding of how language and
literature function to shape, interpret, and challenge meaning and values.
This degree program prepares students for graduate study and careers in
diverse fields, including education, media, and professional writing and
publishing.

Courses in literature and language analyze global intellectual and cultural
traditions, ideals and values in order to: enhance self-understanding and
empathy for others; explain how societies are defined in relation to culture,
nationality, race, ethnicity and gender; analyze implied and expressed
cultural values and attitudes in works of literature; and examine the
development of human institutions, ideas and social structures. Literature and
linguistics courses are related to diverse disciplines, elucidating ideas in
sociology, psychology, history, language theory, political science and
cultural studies.

The goals of the Bachelor of Arts in English Language and Literature are to:

  * provide an introduction to the disciplines of language and literature and the complex ways that written and spoken language and diverse texts shape understanding and meaning
  * train students in the core concepts, methodologies, and analytical and theoretical approaches in both language and literature
  * develop students’ understanding of English language and literature within historical, cultural, aesthetic and structural contexts
  * enable students to appreciate cultural diversity through the culturally contextualized study of language and literature
  * foster an intellectually stimulating and rigorous environment that encourages critical and ethical interpretations of language and literature

Courses in the BAELL program include such diverse topics as:

  * English and Globalization
  * Language and Gender
  * Development of the English Language
  * Psychology of Language
  * Contemporary Literature
  * Creative Writing
  * Postcolonial Literature
  * Literature and Film

In addition, the degree program allows majors to enrich their
interdisciplinary studies and extend their expertise through taking select
electives in other departments. These related electives offer alternative
disciplinary perspectives on the topics, methods, and materials of language
and literary study; enrich students’ knowledge of the implications of language
and literature in other fields; and offer opportunities to explore possible
career options in relevant fields. Related elective courses are in the
departments of Arabic and Translation Studies, Media Communication,
International Studies, and Psychology, as well as in the Performing Arts
Program, and include such topics as:

  * Literary Journalism
  * Ethics and the Environment
  * Psychology of Creativity
  * Playwriting
  * Arabic Linguistics
  * Modern Media Translation
  * Women’s Voices Across Cultures

_Learn more about the BAELL by downloading
our[brochure](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/Bachelor%20of%20Arts%20in%20English%20Language%20and%20Literature%20FINAL.pdf)._

[Click here](https://www.aus.edu/cas/department-of-english) to see our
featured courses.

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

