Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020â€“2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department of Mechanical Engineering](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering-)
  * [Programs](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-mechanical-engineering)
    * [Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/master-of-science-in-mechanical-engineering)
    * [Minor in Mechanical Engineering](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/minor-in-mechanical-engineering)
  * Facilities
    * [Aerospace Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/aerospace-laboratory)
    * [Drone Design and Manufacturing Academy](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/drone-design-and-manufacturing-academy)
    * [Dynamics System Lab](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/dynamics-system-lab)
    * [Dynamics and Control Systems Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/dynamics-and-control-systems-laboratory)
    * [Fluid Mechanics Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/fluid-mechanics-laboratory)
    * [Heat Transfer Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/heat-transfer-laboratory)
    * [Internal Combustion Engine Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/internal-combustion-engine-laboratory)
    * [Manufacturing Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/manufacturing-laboratory)
    * [Materials Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/materials-laboratory)
    * [Measurements and Instrumentation Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/measurements-and-instrumentation-laboratory)
    * [Mechatronics Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/mechatronics-laboratory)
    * [Modelling and Simulation Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/modelling-and-simulation-laboratory)
    * [Nondestructive Evaluation Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/nondestructive-evaluation-laboratory)
    * [Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Laboratory](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/facilities/refrigeration-and-air-conditioning-laboratory)
    * [Renewable Energy Lab](/cen/department-of-chemical-engineering/facilities/analytical-instrumentation-laboratory-13)
  * [Faculty](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering?t=faculty)
  * [Research](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering?t=research)
  * [Apply Now](https://www.aus.edu/apply)
  * .

### [College of Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen) [Department of
Mechanical Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen/department-of-mechanical-
engineering-)

##  Programs

  * [Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-mechanical-engineering)
  * [Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/master-of-science-in-mechanical-engineering)
  * [Minor in Mechanical Engineering](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering/minor-in-mechanical-engineering)

# Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering

[CEN](/cen) > [Departments](/college/cen/departments) > [Mechanical
Engineering](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering) >
[Programs](/cen/department-of-mechanical-engineering?t=programs) > Bachelor of
Science in Mechanical Engineering

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/cen_bachelor_of_science_in_mechanical_engineering.jpg)

Our internationally accredited mechanical engineering degree program is one of
the most dynamic in the Gulf region and is constantly responding to market
requirements and the latest developments in this exciting area of study.

The Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering (BSME) is accredited by the
Commission for Academic Accreditation of the United Arab Emirates Ministry of
Higher Education and Scientific Research.

The Mechanical Engineering (B.S.) program is accredited by the Engineering
Accreditation Commission of ABET,
[https://www.abet.org](javascript:aus_external_warning_ShowExternalUrlDialog\("https://www.abet.org/"\);),
under the General Criteria and the Program Criteria for Mechanical and
Similarly Named Engineering Programs.

After the junior year, you will undertake a summer internship that will
require you to work in an engineering environment for no less than five weeks.

Before you can graduate, you will have to complete a yearlong senior design
project; many of these design projects are of international caliber and are
submitted to international competitions.

Some of the past projects have included a solar car, a mini-Baja SAE all-
terrain car and a formula SAE racecar, as well as participation in the
Supermileage Vehicle Competition (SMV-SAE), the FSAE Auto-Cross Competition,
the Aircraft Design Build and the Fly AIAA-DBF Competition.

Find our program brochure [here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/brochures)

### Mission Statement

The mission of the mechanical engineering program at AUS is to educate the
engineers of tomorrow by integrating classroom theory and hands-on experience,
emphasizing the process of learning and critical thinking, conducting cutting-
edge research, and serving the engineering profession, industry and society at
large. The mechanical engineering program fosters lifelong learning, ethics
and professional development, and embraces diversity among its faculty and
student body.

### Program Educational Objectives

The objectives of the mechanical engineering degree program are to produce
graduates who will:

  * actively embrace leadership roles in the practice of mechanical engineering, conduct research and development to advance technology and foster innovation, and apply their engineering problem-solving skills as needed in the workplace
  * actively participate in on-going professional development, updating and adapting their core knowledge, and acquiring new knowledge and skills to pursue new career opportunities
  * serve the engineering profession and support sustainable development

### Student Outcomes

Upon graduation, an AUS graduate in mechanical engineering should demonstrate:

  * an ability to identify, formulate and solve complex engineering problems by applying principles of engineering, science and mathematics
  * an ability to apply engineering design to produce solutions that meet specified needs with consideration of public health, safety and welfare, as well as global, cultural, social, environmental and economic factors
  * an ability to communicate effectively with a range of audiences
  * an ability to recognize ethical and professional responsibilities in engineering situations and make informed judgments, which must consider the impact of engineering solutions in global, economic, environmental and societal contexts
  * an ability to function effectively on a team whose members together provide leadership, create a collaborative and inclusive environment, establish goals, plan tasks and meet objectives
  * an ability to develop and conduct appropriate experimentation, analyze and interpret data, and use engineering judgment to draw conclusions
  * an ability to acquire and apply new knowledge as needed, using appropriate learning strategies

Our program focuses on three major areas of mechanical engineering:
thermofluids and energy systems; mechanical product design and manufacturing;
and dynamics control and mechatronics. We offer advanced technical courses in
all of these areas to insure that our graduates get the breadth as well as the
depth of education to perform at their best in the workplace. The research
areas of our faculty cover broad and contemporary areas such as:

  * energy systems
  * complex fluid flows: steady and unsteady aerodynamics, external and internal flows
  * modern real-time control systems
  * modeling and simulation of physical systems
  * composite materials: thermosets, thermoplastics, metal-metal composites and other advanced engineering materials
  * navigation systems and GPS/INS integration
  * unmanned autonomous vehicles
  * manufacturing and manufacturing process monitoring and control
  * heat transfer
  * computational fluid dynamics
  * vibration monitoring and control

We are also very proud that our department has an active American Society of
Mechanical Engineers (ASME) student chapter, as well as membership in the
Society of Automotive Engineering (SAE) and the American Institute of
Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA).

Our facilities, excellent faculty and curriculum are here for one purpose, and
that is to help our students succeed in realizing their education goals. We
are committed to ensuring that our unique program will bring about a positive
change in the future of all our graduates.

[Apply](https://www.aus.edu/apply) now for our Bachelor of Science in
Mechanical Engineering.

Program Admission and Degree Data

    

**Number of Admitted Students**

**Term** | **Count**  
---|---  
Fall 2020 | 66  
Fall 2021 | 57  
Fall 2022 | 49  
Fall 2023 | 74  
  
**Number of Graduates**

**Academic Year** | **Count**  
---|---  
AY 19-20 | 81  
AY 20-21 | 85  
AY 21-22 | 57  
AY 22-23 | 69  
  
For more information about College of Engineering admitted students and
graduates, [click here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/college-facts-and-ranking).

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

__

Degree Flow Chart

  * Find CEN 1.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/mce_catalog_til2023_v1.pdf)
  * Find CEN 2.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/mce_catalog_2023on_v7.pdf)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

Â© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

