Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [CAAD Home](/caad)
  * [Programs](/caad/department-of-architecture/programs)
    * [Bachelor of Architecture](/caad/department-of-architecture/bachelor-of-architecture)
    * [Bachelor of Interior Design](/caad/department-of-architecture/bachelor-of-interior-design)
  * [Faculty](/caad/department-of-architecture/faculty)
  * [Gallery](/caad/department-of-architecture/gallery)
  * [Research](/caad/department-of-architecture/research)
  * [Featured Classes](/caad/featured-classes)

### [College of Architecture, Art and Design](https://www.aus.edu/caad)
[Department of Architecture](https://www.aus.edu/caad/department-of-
architecture)

##  Department of Architecture

  * [CAAD Home](/caad)
  * [Programs](/caad/department-of-architecture/programs)
    * [Bachelor of Architecture](/caad/department-of-architecture/bachelor-of-architecture)
    * [Bachelor of Interior Design](/caad/department-of-architecture/bachelor-of-interior-design)
  * [Faculty](/caad/department-of-architecture/faculty)
  * [Gallery](/caad/department-of-architecture/gallery)
  * [Research](/caad/department-of-architecture/research)
  * [Featured Classes](/caad/featured-classes)

# Bachelor of Architecture

[CAAD](/caad) > Departments > [Department of Architecture](/caad/department-
of-architecture) > [Programs](/caad/department-of-architecture/programs) >
Bachelor of Architecture

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/arc_program.jpg)

Discover the blueprint for your amazing career at CAAD, where your
architecture degree will give you world-class credentials to propel you into
an exciting career. Learn the skillful craft of making and creating and see
your full-scale models come to life. Take advantage of internship
opportunities in the UAE’s vibrant design industry. Marvel at the
architectural gems of Europe and Asia on one of our study tours. And find your
inspiration on our very own breathtaking campus in Sharjah, a city of arts and
culture as we introduce you to a world of ideas.

**Be regionally and internationally recognized.**

Setting you up for international success, our Bachelor of Architecture program
is the first program of its kind outside North America to be granted
accreditation by the [National Architectural Accrediting Board
(NAAB](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-at-a-
glance/accreditation)[)](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-at-a-
glance/accreditation) of the United States. This means you will be eligible
for licensing as a professional architect throughout the USA, and our UAE
accreditation means you will be set up for successful professional practice
throughout the region.

**Get the perfect balance of knowledge and experience.**

We offer the region's most prestigious architecture program with a
comprehensive curriculum and an explorative studio experience, both of which
will shape your creative and critical approaches to design. Your design skills
will be enhanced by our "culture of making" as we immerse you in an
interactive learning experience of drawing and creating. You will also have
unique opportunities to join teams for travel abroad to places such as Spain,
Italy and Japan, guided by our faculty.

With a strong liberal arts focus, our acclaimed program balances your
technical and creative experience with a broad foundation in humanities and
social sciences. This means that you will graduate with a broader
understanding of the world as well as an in-depth knowledge of your craft.

All of our students complete our regionally acclaimed one-year [foundations
program](https://www.aus.edu/caad/foundations-program) before advancing into
their major field of study. Through this year, you will grow in both skill and
knowledge as you have an experiential encounter with the basic practical and
critical principles of design, which you will build on as you continue on with
your specialized studies in architecture.

Our rigorous five-year Bachelor of Architecture program is enhanced by on-the-
job professional training, to make you ready for the workplace as soon as you
graduate.

**Be inspired by our dedicated faculty.**

As you work alongside our [outstanding
faculty](https://www.aus.edu/caad/department-of-architecture/faculty), you
will benefit from their experience and expertise as industry professionals.
Your instructors are highly qualified and critically acclaimed experts in
their respective fields, taking you through an intensive, interactive and
interdisciplinary journey of learning, discovery and creativity.

**Show off your talent.**

You’ll have the chance to exhibit, discuss and present your work in a variety
of different forums and to a wide range of audiences, from your peers to
industry leaders and experts.

**Become the next best thing.**

Our graduates are highly successful professionals who are creating an impact
on the region's design, architecture and urbanism, with many also continuing
on to high-profile graduate programs in Europe (e.g. the Architectural
Association and the Bartlett / University of London) and North America
(Harvard University, Columbia University, Cornell University, UCLA, SCI-Arc
and University of Toronto).

**Apply today.**

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

