Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020â€“2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department Electrical Engineering](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering-)
  * [Programs](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-electrical-engineering)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Intelligent Systems and Mechatronics Engineering](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-intelligent-systems-and-mechatronics-engineering)
    * [Master of Science in Electrical Engineering](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/master-of-science-in-electrical-engineering)
    * [Minor in Electrical Engineering](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/minor-in-electrical-engineering)
  * [Faculty](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering?t=faculty)
  * [Research](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering?t=research)
  * Facilities
    * [Biomedical Electronics Laboratory](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/biomedical-electronics-laboratory)
    * [Communications and Signal Processing Laboratory](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/communications-and-signal-processing-laboratory)
    * [Control Systems Laboratory](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/control-systems-laboratory)
    * [Electric Circuits Laboratory](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/electric-circuits-laboratory)
    * [Electric Machines and Power Electronics Laboratory](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/electric-machines-and-power-electronics-laboratory)
    * [Electronic Product Innovation Center (EPIC)](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/electronic-product-innovation-center-epic)
    * [Electronics Laboratory](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/electronics-laboratory)
    * [High Voltage Lab](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/high-voltage-lab)
    * [Industrial Control Laboratory](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/industrial-control-laboratory)
    * [Measurement and Instrumentation Laboratory](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/measurement-and-instrumentation-laboratory)
    * [Microwave Imaging and Nondestructive Evaluation Laboratory (MINEL)](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/microwave-imaging-and-nondestructive-evaluation-laboratory-minel)
    * [Power Systems Laboratory](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/facilities/power-systems-laboratory)
    * [Renewable Energy and E-Mobility Laboratory](/cen/renewable-energy-and-e-mobility-laboratory)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

### [College of Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen) [Department of
Electrical Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen/department-of-electrical-
engineering-)

##  Programs

  * [Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-electrical-engineering)
  * [Bachelor of Science in Intelligent Systems and Mechatronics Engineering](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-intelligent-systems-and-mechatronics-engineering)
  * [Master of Science in Electrical Engineering](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/master-of-science-in-electrical-engineering)
  * [Minor in Electrical Engineering](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering/minor-in-electrical-engineering)

# Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering

[CEN](/cen) > [Departments](/college/cen/departments) > [Electrical
Engineering](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering) >
[Programs](/cen/department-of-electrical-engineering?t=programs) > Bachelor of
Science in Electrical Engineering

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/bachelor_of_science_in_electrical_engineering.jpg)

As one of the most exciting branches in the dynamic field of engineering,
electrical engineering is at the forefront of how we shape the future.

The Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering (BSEE) is accredited by the
Commission for Academic Accreditation of the United Arab Emirates Ministry of
Higher Education and Scientific Research.

The Electrical Engineering (B.S.) program is accredited by the Engineering
Accreditation Commission of ABET,
[https://www.abet.org](javascript:aus_external_warning_ShowExternalUrlDialog\("https://www.abet.org"\);),
under the General Criteria and Program Criteria for Electrical, Computer,
Communications, Telecommunication(s) and Similarly Named Engineering Programs.

This highly acclaimed four-year Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
(BSEE) degree program is based on a solid foundation of science and
mathematics needed to understand advanced engineering topics and applications.

We have designed the curriculum with the aim of providing breadth and depth of
knowledge across the key areas of electrical engineering that cater to the
ever-evolving needs of the world around us.

We will provide you with state-of-the-art resources in communications, control
and instrumentation, digital signal processing, microelectronics,
electromagnetics and microwaves, electric drives, power systems and biomedical
electronics.

Our highly qualified faculty members are committed to helping you develop the
intellectual, technological and personal skills that will allow you to excel
in both academia and electrical engineering careers.

Strongly connected to today's industry environment, the electrical engineering
degree is designed to ensure that, after you graduate, you will be able to
employ your knowledge, analysis and design skills in realizing engineering
systems that advance the frontiers of science and technology.

Find our program brochure [here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/brochures)

### Mission Statement

The mission of the electrical engineering program at AUS is to promote and
maintain excellence in teaching and learning to equip students with strong
core competencies in electrical engineering and empower them with the skills
required for successful professional careers.

The electrical engineering degree program promotes and enhances faculty
expertise in research and development towards providing technical solutions
for social challenges and community advancement through outreach activities
and networking with regional and international organizations.

### Program Educational Objectives

The objectives of the electrical engineering program are to produce a graduate
who will:

  * be a successful engineer as a member or a leader of a team comprised of a diverse group of professionals
  * possess effective communication skills and continue to improve technical and non-technical competencies through engagement in professional activities, projects, and/or graduate studies
  * be a holistic citizen demonstrating social, ethical, and professional responsibilities

### Student Outcomes

Upon graduation, an AUS graduate in electrical engineering should demonstrate:

  * an ability to identify, formulate and solve complex engineering problems by applying principles of engineering, science and mathematics
  * an ability to apply engineering design to produce solutions that meet specified needs with consideration of public health, safety and welfare, as well as global, cultural, social, environmental and economic factors
  * an ability to communicate effectively with a range of audiences
  * an ability to recognize ethical and professional responsibilities in engineering situations and make informed judgments, which must consider the impact of engineering solutions in global, economic, environmental and societal contexts
  * an ability to function effectively on a team whose members together provide leadership, create a collaborative and inclusive environment, establish goals, plan tasks and meet objectives
  * an ability to develop and conduct appropriate experimentation, analyze and interpret data, and use engineering judgment to draw conclusions
  * an ability to acquire and apply new knowledge as needed, using appropriate learning strategies

[Apply](https://www.aus.edu/apply) now for our Bachelor of Science in
Electrical Engineering.

Program Admission and Degree Data

    

**Number of Admitted Students**

**Term** | **Count**  
---|---  
Fall 2020 | 34  
Fall 2021 | 57  
Fall 2022 | 40  
Fall 2023 | 52  
Fall 2024 | 48  
  
**Number of Graduates**

**Academic Year** | **Count**  
---|---  
AY 19-20 | 73  
AY 20-21 | 48  
AY 21-22 | 62  
AY 22-23 | 52  
AY 23-24 | 34  
  
For more information about College of Engineering admitted students and
graduates, [click here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/college-facts-and-ranking).

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

__

Degree Flow Chart

  * Find CEN 1.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/ele_catalog_til2023.pdf)
  * Find CEN 2.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/ele_catalog_2023on_v9.pdf)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

Â© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

