Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department International Studies](/cas/department-of-international-studies-)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-international-studies?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Arts in International Studies](/cas/department-of-international-studies/bachelor-of-arts-in-international-studies)
    * [Minor in History](/cas/department-of-international-studies/minor-in-history)
    * [Minor in International Studies](/cas/department-of-international-studies/minor-in-international-studies)
    * [Minor in Philosophy](/cas/department-of-international-studies/minor-in-philosophy)
    * [Master of Arts in International Studies](/cas/department-of-international-studies/master-of-arts-in-international-studies-mais)
    * [Minor in Middle Eastern Studies](/cas/department-of-international-studies/minor-in-middle-eastern-studies-0)
  * [Facilities](/cas/department-of-international-studies?t=facilities)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

### [College of Arts and Sciences](https://www.aus.edu/cas) [Department of
International Studies](https://www.aus.edu/cas/department-of-international-
studies-)

##  International Studies

  * [Department International Studies](/cas/department-of-international-studies-)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-international-studies?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Arts in International Studies](/cas/department-of-international-studies/bachelor-of-arts-in-international-studies)
    * [Minor in History](/cas/department-of-international-studies/minor-in-history)
    * [Minor in International Studies](/cas/department-of-international-studies/minor-in-international-studies)
    * [Minor in Philosophy](/cas/department-of-international-studies/minor-in-philosophy)
    * [Master of Arts in International Studies](/cas/department-of-international-studies/master-of-arts-in-international-studies-mais)
    * [Minor in Middle Eastern Studies](/cas/department-of-international-studies/minor-in-middle-eastern-studies-0)
  * [Facilities](/cas/department-of-international-studies?t=facilities)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

# Bachelor of Arts in International Studies

[CAS](/cas) > [Departments](/cas/departments) > [International
Studies](/cas/department-of-international-studies) >
[Programs](/cas/department-of-international-studies?t=programs) > Bachelor of
Arts in International Studies

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/istock-512890612.jpg)

We live in a world where creative problem solving and an understanding of the
historical and social complexity of the world are vital for success in any
endeavor.

Our graduates can think on their feet, understand the big picture, see
situations from a variety of perspectives and possess a sense of social
conscience. With these characteristics a graduate can become a leader in any
walk of life.

Our department has produced students who have gone on to work in the
governmental sector, international business, and the professions.
Increasingly, many of our graduates have gone on to graduate studies at some
of the most prestigious institutions in North America and Europe.

One of the many exciting aspects about our department is the number of diverse
courses we offer. We weave together strands from the social sciences and the
humanities with political science and history. This diverse and comprehensive
palette of courses forms a coherent program, rooting our students in their
time and place while enabling them to handle the challenges of the
contemporary world.

**Our curriculum consists of:**

  * 42 credits of general education courses including math, science, communication, Arabic heritage and courses in culture in a critical perspective and human interaction and behavior
  * 45 credits of required courses including introductory courses in anthropology, economics, history, philosophy, political science and sociology along with upper-level courses in political economy, globalization, international security and more
  * 15 credits of major electives
  * 18 credits of free electives

**Upon graduation, our students are able to:**

  * Identify and explain the impact of key political, historical and cultural developments both globally and regionally.
  * Demonstrate an understanding of the basic concepts, analytical perspectives and methodologies employed in the disciplines of anthropology, history, philosophy, political science and sociology. 
  * Evaluate source material for validity, accuracy and biases.
  * Communicate effectively in writing and in oral presentations.
  * Compare and contrast cultures and systems of value.
  * Demonstrate an understanding of the importance of ethical behavior and social responsibility.
  * Demonstrate the capacity for independent research.

_FInd our program brochure[here](https://www.aus.edu/cas/brochures)._

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

