Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department Computer Science and Engineering](/cen/-department-of-computer-science-and-engineering)
  * [Programs](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-computer-engineering)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Computer Science](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-computer-science)
    * [Master of Science in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/master-of-science-in-computer-engineering)
    * [Master of Science in Machine Learning](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/master-of-science-in-machine-learning)
    * [Minor in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/minor-in-computer-engineering)
    * [Minor in Computer Science](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/minor-in-computer-science)
  * [Faculty](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering?t=faculty)
  * Facilities
    * [CSE Programming Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/cse-programming-laboratory)
    * [Computer Networks Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/computer-networks-laboratory)
    * [Cybersecurity Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/cybersecurity-laboratory)
    * [Digital Systems Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/digital-systems-laboratory)
    * [Embedded Systems and Industrial Systems Lab](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/embedded-systems-and-industrial-systems-laboratory)
    * [High Performance Computing Lab](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/high-performance-computing-laboratory)
    * [Internet and Mobile Computing Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/internet-and-mobile-computing-laboratory)
    * [Microcontrollers Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/microcontrollers-laboratory)
    * [VLSI and Advanced Digital Systems Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/vlsi-and-advanced-digital-systems-laboratory)
  * [Research](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering?t=research)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

### [College of Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen) [Department of Computer
Science and Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen/-department-of-computer-
science-and-engineering)

##  Programs

  * [Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-computer-engineering)
  * [Bachelor of Science in Computer Science](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-computer-science)
  * [Master of Science in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/master-of-science-in-computer-engineering)
  * [Master of Science in Machine Learning](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/master-of-science-in-machine-learning)
  * [Minor in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/minor-in-computer-engineering)
  * [Minor in Computer Science](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/minor-in-computer-science)

# Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering

[CEN](/cen) > [Departments](/college/cen/departments) > [Computer Science and
Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering) >
[Programs](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering?t=programs) >
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/bachelor-of-science-in-computer-
engineering.jpg)

Studying for a computer engineering degree at AUS can prove to be an extremely
rewarding experience for a student.

Our department is committed to excellence in teaching and quality research,
and its highly qualified faculty members hold terminal degrees from some of
the world's most prestigious universities as well as work experience with
leading industrial firms.

Throughout the course, you will be prepared for a wide range of technical
positions in business and government service, research, development and higher
education.

The Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering (BSCoE) is accredited by the
Commission for Academic Accreditation of the United Arab Emirates Ministry of
Higher Education and Scientific Research.

The Computer Engineering (B.S.) program is accredited by the Engineering
Accreditation Commission of ABET,
[https://www.abet.org](javascript:aus_external_warning_ShowExternalUrlDialog\("https://www.abet.org"\);),
under the General Criteria and Program Criteria for Electrical, Computer,
Communications, Telecommunication(s) and Similarly Named Engineering Programs.

This internationally accredited computer engineering degree program also
includes university requirements and core requirements for all students.
Additionally, technical and free elective courses must be completed. A summer
internship experience at a national or international establishment is an
essential part of the course, as is a senior project accomplished over two
semesters.

Find our program brochure [here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/brochures)

### Mission Statement

The mission of the computer engineering program at AUS is to educate students
in the principles and modern practices of computer engineering, to prepare
students to pursue a wide range of computer engineering careers, and to
generate new knowledge by the pursuit of research in selected areas of
computer engineering.

### Program Educational Objectives

The objectives of the computer engineering program are to produce graduates
who will:

  * have successful careers as computer engineers and become effective communicators, team members and leaders in industry and public sectors
  * continue their professional development through continuing education and advanced studies
  * be engaged in the global, ethical and social aspects of the profession and have a positive impact on local, regional and global communities

### Student Outcomes

Upon graduation, an AUS graduate in computer engineering should demonstrate:

  * an ability to identify, formulate and solve complex engineering problems by applying principles of engineering, science and mathematics
  * an ability to apply engineering design to produce solutions that meet specified needs with consideration of public health, safety and welfare, as well as global, cultural, social, environmental and economic factors
  * an ability to communicate effectively with a range of audiences
  * an ability to recognize ethical and professional responsibilities in engineering situations and make informed judgments, which must consider the impact of engineering solutions in global, economic, environmental and societal contexts
  * an ability to function effectively on a team whose members together provide leadership, create a collaborative and inclusive environment, establish goals, plan tasks and meet objectives
  * an ability to develop and conduct appropriate experimentation, analyze and interpret data, and use engineering judgment to draw conclusions
  * an ability to acquire and apply new knowledge as needed, using appropriate learning strategies

[Apply](https://www.aus.edu/apply) now for our Bachelor of Science in Computer
Engineering.

Program Admission and Degree Data

    

**Number of Admitted Students**

**Term** | **Count**  
---|---  
Fall 2020 | 99  
Fall 2021 | 99  
Fall 2022 | 121  
Fall 2023 | 127  
Fall 2024 | 136  
  
**Number of Graduates**

**Academic Year** | **Count**  
---|---  
AY 19-20 | 45  
AY 20-21 | 43  
AY 21-22 | 64  
AY 22-23 | 66  
AY 23-24 | 98  
  
For more information about College of Engineering admitted students and
graduates, [click here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/college-facts-and-ranking).

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

__

Degree Flow Chart

  * Find CEN 1.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/coe_cen_1.0.pdf)
  * Find CEN 2.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/coe_cen_2.0.pdf)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

