Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department Biology, Chemistry and Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-biology)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biochemistry](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-chemistry-and-biochemistry)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Environmental Sciences and Sustainability](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-environmental-sciences-and-sustainability)
    * [Minor in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-biology)
    * [Minor in Environmental Policy](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-policy)
    * [Minor in Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-sciences)
    * [Pre-med Track](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/pre-med-track)
  * [Facilities](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=facilities)
  * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=faculty)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

### [College of Arts and Sciences](https://www.aus.edu/cas) [Department of
Biology, Chemistry and Environmental
Sciences](https://www.aus.edu/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-
environmental-sciences-)

##  Biology, Chemistry and Environmental Sciences

  * [Department Biology, Chemistry and Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-biology)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biochemistry](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-chemistry-and-biochemistry)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Environmental Sciences and Sustainability](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-environmental-sciences-and-sustainability)
    * [Minor in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-biology)
    * [Minor in Environmental Policy](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-policy)
    * [Minor in Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-sciences)
    * [Pre-med Track](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/pre-med-track)
  * [Facilities](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=facilities)
  * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=faculty)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

# Bachelor of Science in Biology

[CAS](/cas) > [Departments](/cas/departments) > [Biology, Chemistry and
Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-
environmental-sciences) > [Programs](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-
environmental-sciences?t=programs) > Bachelor of Science in Biology

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/cas_bachelor_of_science_in_biology.jpg)

**Learn the secrets of life**

If you are interested in life, health and living things, then a Bachelor of
Science in Biology (BSB) at AUS would be a great way to start your
professional career. Biology is an exciting and rapidly evolving subject with
a highly diverse nature that ranges from human biology to biodiversity,
genetics and behavior. In the BSB program, students receive training in a
variety of disciplines including genetics and molecular biology, microbiology,
cell biology, anatomy, physiology, neuroscience, immunology, pharmacology,
disease prevention, marine biology, biological conservation and management,
ecology and others.

**What we offer**

Our department’s advanced laboratory facilities give students the proper tools
and experiences to excel and become leaders in their chosen fields. Our
courses feature different learning methodologies, from traditional classroom
instruction to innovative laboratory experiments, field trips, independent
study and senior research projects. Our dedicated [world-class faculty
members](https://www.aus.edu/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-
environmental-sciences/faculty) are keen to provide comprehensive advising on
coursework and future career options.

Beyond the classroom, students can expand their knowledge and build their
leadership skills by participating in the Biology Club or other related events
and activities.

**Where a degree in biology can take you**

Graduates with a BSB degree from AUS can choose from numerous career options,
including medicine and medicine-related professions, medical laboratory
technology, public health, ecosystems health and management, wildlife
conservation, marine biology, science education and teaching, academic
research, pharmaceutical industry, governmental agencies, biotechnology and
much more. They are also well prepared for graduate study.

Upon graduation, our students will be able to:

  * identify and carry out thoughtful approaches to biology-related problems, understand ethical issues, and analyze biological threats to the environment
  * demonstrate knowledge of the fundamentals of various molecular, cell and ecological techniques, instruments and equipment
  * define simple research tasks, carry them out and use appropriate statistical analysis in the treatment of data
  * produce written and oral reports in the style most commonly used in scientific literature

_Find our program brochure_[here](https://www.aus.edu/cas/brochures) _._

Ready to apply? [Click here.](https://www.aus.edu/apply)

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

