Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department Biology, Chemistry and Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-biology)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biochemistry](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-chemistry-and-biochemistry)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Environmental Sciences and Sustainability](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-environmental-sciences-and-sustainability)
    * [Minor in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-biology)
    * [Minor in Environmental Policy](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-policy)
    * [Minor in Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-sciences)
    * [Pre-med Track](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/pre-med-track)
  * [Facilities](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=facilities)
  * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=faculty)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

### [College of Arts and Sciences](https://www.aus.edu/cas) [Department of
Biology, Chemistry and Environmental
Sciences](https://www.aus.edu/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-
environmental-sciences-)

##  Biology, Chemistry and Environmental Sciences

  * [Department Biology, Chemistry and Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-biology)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biochemistry](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-chemistry-and-biochemistry)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Environmental Sciences and Sustainability](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/bachelor-of-science-in-environmental-sciences-and-sustainability)
    * [Minor in Biology](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-biology)
    * [Minor in Environmental Policy](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-policy)
    * [Minor in Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/minor-in-environmental-sciences)
    * [Pre-med Track](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/pre-med-track)
  * [Facilities](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=facilities)
  * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-environmental-sciences?t=faculty)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

# Bachelor of Science in Environmental Sciences and Sustainability

[CAS](/cas) > [Departments](/cas/departments) > [Biology, Chemistry and
Environmental Sciences](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-
environmental-sciences) > [Programs](/cas/department-of-biology-chemistry-and-
environmental-sciences?t=programs) > Bachelor of Science in Environmental
Sciences and Sustainability

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/env_1.jpg)

**Contribute to building a sustainable future and a healthier environment**

AUS has been [recognized internationally](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-at-a-
glance/rankings) for its sustainability initiatives, making it an excellent
place to pursue a degree in environmental sciences and sustainability.

Our interdisciplinary Bachelor of Science in Environmental Sciences and
Sustainability integrates environmental sustainability with biology, chemistry
and other related sciences, as well as the humanities and social sciences and
other disciplines. The program prepares students to study current
environmental issues using critical thinking skills and the scientific method
to devise solutions to regional and global challenges.

**What we offer**

With a degree in Environmental Sciences and Sustainability, students can
explore current world topics, such as sustainable development, global climate
change, renewable energy sources, environmental health, environmental
management, environmental impact assessment and modeling, resource management,
waste to energy, waste management, carbon emissions monitoring, biodiversity
conservation, and others.

In their senior year, students will help solve a real-world problem during
their internship, and will be involved in conducting an in-depth research
project with a [faculty mentor](https://www.aus.edu/cas/department-of-biology-
chemistry-and-environmental-sciences/faculty) through their senior research
project, which could be a result of a collaboration with industrial and
governmental institutions.

Beyond the classroom, students can expand their knowledge and build their
leadership skills by getting involved with the Environmental Sciences Club,
Sustainability Club or other [related
activities](https://www.aus.edu/media/news/aus-wins-best-green-campus-audit-
at-abu-dhabi-environment-agencys-sustainable-campus-initiative) and
organizations.

**Where a degree in environmental sciences and sustainability****can take
you**

Graduates with an environmental sciences and sustainability degree from AUS
are in high demand across government, private and not-for-profit sectors and
industries in a variety of roles, including environmental consultant,
environmental engineer, conservationist, renewable energies specialist,
sustainability manager, food control laboratories technicians, environmental
health and safety officers, natural resource management and many more. They
are also well prepared for graduate study.

During the progression of the program and upon graduation, our students will
be able to:

  * demonstrate knowledge of the fundamentals of environmental modeling, environmental monitoring techniques and risk assessment
  * work with environmental and sustainability management tools, such as ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001, environmental impact assessments (EIA), cost benefit analyses (CBA), and life cycle analyses (LCA)
  * evaluate the ethical, social, civic, cultural and political dimensions as they relate to environmental issues
  * gain the ability to work as a research team member and be able to use advanced equipment for environmental analysis, that prepares them for higher education and industrial research

_Find our program brochure_[here](https://www.aus.edu/cas/brochures).

Ready to apply? [Click here.](https://www.aus.edu/apply)

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

