Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department of Physics](/cas/department-of-physics-)
    * [Programs](/cas/department-of-physics-/programs)
    * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-physics-/faculty)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-physics?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Physics](/cas/department-of-physics/bachelor-of-science-in-physics)
    * [Minor in Applied Physics](/cas/department-of-physics/minor-in-applied-physics)
  * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-physics?t=faculty)
  * [Facilities](/cas/department-of-physics?t=facilities)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

### [College of Arts and Sciences](https://www.aus.edu/cas) [Department of
Physics](https://www.aus.edu/cas/department-of-physics-)

##  Physics

  * [Department of Physics](/cas/department-of-physics-)
    * [Programs](/cas/department-of-physics-/programs)
    * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-physics-/faculty)
  * [Programs](/cas/department-of-physics?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Physics](/cas/department-of-physics/bachelor-of-science-in-physics)
    * [Minor in Applied Physics](/cas/department-of-physics/minor-in-applied-physics)
  * [Faculty](/cas/department-of-physics?t=faculty)
  * [Facilities](/cas/department-of-physics?t=facilities)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

# Bachelor of Science in Physics

[CAS](/cas) > [Departments](/cas/departments) > [Physics](/cas/department-of-
physics) > [Programs](/cas/department-of-physics?t=programs) > Bachelor of
Science in Physics

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/Inside_0.jpg)

Physicists shape the world we live in, and are responsible for many of the
world’s most important scientific breakthroughs and discoveries, such as
television, computers, nuclear technology and lasers. Physicists have been at
the helm of quantum theory, the theory of relativity, the big bang theory and
the splitting of the atom. Who knows where the physicist of the 21st century
will take us next?

The Bachelor of Science in Physics at AUS focuses on giving students hands-on
experience, working with world-class professors in state-of-the-art
laboratories. Our physics faculty are involved in cutting-edge projects,
including the UAE’s 2021 Mars mission and the development of a laser-based
technique that can provide new insights into the diagnosis and treatment of
diseases.

_FInd our program brochure[here](https://www.aus.edu/cas/brochures)._

### Program Mission

The Bachelor of Science in Physics seeks to provide graduates with a solid
educational foundation in physics with an interdisciplinary emphasis that
would encompass knowledge from other disciplines such as mathematics, natural
sciences, engineering and liberal arts. Graduates will be trained and prepared
to pursue careers in industry, teaching and research.

### Program Goals

The Bachelor of Science in Physics seeks to:

  * provide students with up-to-date knowledge of physics principles and their applications
  * prepare students for careers in industry, research, and teaching, as well as for possible graduate study
  * provide a research-based learning environment that is conducive to acquiring and analyzing data, developing experimental approaches to physics, and practicing the scientific research method.
  * provide opportunities for student undergraduate research projects under the guidance of the physics faculty
  * maintain a dynamic curriculum that reflects the evolving needs of the region and the world
  * foster the development of lifelong learners who think critically and solve problems creatively by integrating liberal studies, professional education, and co-curricular and extracurricular learning.

### Program Outcomes

Upon graduation from the Bachelor of Science in Physics program, students will
be able to:

  * apply the basic laws of physics
  * apply the theoretical and computing skills necessary to describe and solve problems that arise in physics
  * design and conduct experiments, as well as analyze and interpret data using advanced analytical and characterization instrumentation techniques
  * demonstrate competence in critical thinking and professional communication skills using both oral and written means for summarizing, evaluating and presenting scientific contents using resources found in the scientific literature
  * demonstrate understanding of the impact of physics principles in global, economic, environmental, and societal contexts

### Admission to the Program

Admission to the program follows the university’s [undergraduate admission
requirements](/admissions/bachelors-degrees/application-requirements).

AUS students transferring into the program must satisfy the following
conditions:

  * a minimum cumulative grade point average (CGPA) of 2.00
  * successful completion of PHY 101 and PHY 102 with a minimum average of 2.00

For information on how to submit a change of major request, please refer to
Fields of Study/Change of Major under the Academic Policies and Regulations
section in the [undergraduate
catalog](javascript:aus_external_warning_ShowExternalUrlDialog\("https://viewer.zmags.com/publication/55144222#/55144222/1"\);).

### Degree Requirements

To qualify for graduation with a Bachelor of Science in Physics, students must
successfully complete the following minimum requirements:

  * a minimum of 120 credit hours 
    * a minimum of 44 credits of general education requirements (including WRI 101, WRI 102, ENG 204, MTH 103 and STA 201)
    * a minimum of 46 credits of major requirements
    * a minimum of 15 credits of major electives
    * a minimum of 15 credits of free electives
  * a minimum of 36 credits of 300- and/or 400-level course work must be successfully completed in residence at AUS
  * a minimum of five weeks of internship of approved applied work in physics-related organization, laboratory, agency or firm
  * a minimum CGPA of 2.00

__

General Education Requirements (minimum of 44 credits)

Students must successfully complete a minimum of 44 credits as follows:

  * a minimum of 18 credits in courses meeting the core general education requirements: 
    * history and culture of the Arab world requirement: three to six credits
    * culture in a critical perspective requirement: three to six credits
    * arts and literature requirement: three to six credits
    * human interaction and behavior requirement: six to nine credits
    * natural and physical sciences requirements: PHY 101, PHY 101L, and CHM 101
    * mathematics and statistics requirement: MTH 103 and STA 201
    * communication requirements: a minimum of 12 credits in 100-level or above writing (WRI)/English (ENG) courses, including ENG 203 or ENG 204
    * ethical understanding requirement: satisfied through PHY 491
    * discipline-specific writing intensive course requirement: satisfied through PHY 491
    * oral proficiency requirement: satisfied through PHY 491.
    * information literacy requirement: satisfied through WRI 102 and ENG 203 or ENG 204
    * computer literacy requirement: satisfied through MTH 103

__

Major Requirements (46 credits)

  * MTH 104 Calculus II
  * MTH 203 Calculus III
  * MTH 205 Differential Equations
  * PHY 102: General Physics II
  * PHY 102L: General Physics II-Lab
  * PHY 106: General Physics III
  * PHY 113: Introduction to Astrophysics 
  * PHY 200L: Intermediate Physics laboratory
  * PHY 201: Modern Physics
  * PHY 203: Introduction to Electronics
  * PHY 310: Mathematical Methods in Physics
  * PHY 320: Classical Mechanics
  * PHY 330 : Electromagnetic Theory OR ELE 311 Electromagnetics
  * PHY 350: Quantum Mechanics
  * PHY 397: Internship in Physics (0-0-0)
  * PHY 400L: Contemporary Experimental Physics
  * PHY 460: Thermodynamics and Statistical Physics
  * PHY 491: Senior Research Project I

__

Major Electives (15 credits)

Students must complete a minimum of 15 credits of major electives selected in
consultation with their advisor.

  * Physics electives: a minimum of 9 credit hours from the following physics courses: 
    * PHY 301: Energy Sources
    * PHY 303: Atmospheric Physics
    * PHY 305: Modern Optics and Lasers
    * PHY 313: Satellites and Space Physics
    * PHY 394: Approved special topics in physics. Consult the online course catalog or the online class schedule accessible via the AUS student information system to verify course classifications.
    * PHY 492: Senior Research Project II
  * Electives in related areas: a maximum of 6 credits from courses in physics-related areas (MTH, CHM, ENV, ELE, MCE, CHE, CMP, CVE) at the 300 level or above.

__

Free Electives (15 credits)

Students must successfully complete a minimum of 15 credits of free electives
from any 100-level courses or above excluding MTH 101. At least three credits
of the free electives must be completed at the 300 level or above.

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

