Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department of Industrial Engineering](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering-)
  * [Programs](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-industrial-engineering)
    * [Master of Science in Engineering Systems Management](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering/master-of-science-in-engineering-systems-management)
    * [PhD in Engineering - Engineering Systems Management](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering/phd-in-engineering-engineering-systems-management)
  * Facilities
    * [Industry 4.0 Laboratory](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering/facilities/industry-40-laboratory)
    * [Manufacturing Laboratory](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering/facilities/manufacturing-laboratory)
    * [Materials Science Laboratory](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering/facilities/materials-science-laboratory)
    * [Modelling and Simulation Laboratory](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering/facilities/modelling-and-simulation-laboratory)
    * [Supply Chain Laboratory](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering/facilities/supply-chain-laboratory)
  * [Faculty](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering?t=faculty)
  * [Research](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering?t=research)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

### [College of Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen) [Department of
Industrial Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen/department-of-industrial-
engineering-)

##  Programs

  * [Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-industrial-engineering)
  * [Master of Science in Engineering Systems Management](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering/master-of-science-in-engineering-systems-management)
  * [PhD in Engineering - Engineering Systems Management](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering/phd-in-engineering-engineering-systems-management)

# Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering

[CEN](/cen) > [Departments](/college/cen/departments) > [Industrial
Engineering](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering) >
[Programs](/cen/department-of-industrial-engineering?t=programs) > Bachelor of
Science in Industrial Engineering

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/dsc_1413_0.jpg)

Our undergraduate degree in industrial engineering offers an application-
oriented and industry-driven curriculum.

One of the fastest growing professions in the world, industrial engineering
integrates people, capital, material, equipment and information in an
efficient way to produce and distribute goods and services with high quality
at a low cost.

The Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering (BSIE) is accredited by the
Commission for Academic Accreditation of the United Arab Emirates Ministry of
Higher Education and Scientific Research.

The Industrial Engineering (B.S.) program is accredited by the Engineering
Accreditation Commission of ABET,
[https://www.abet.org](javascript:aus_external_warning_ShowExternalUrlDialog\("https://www.abet.org/"\);),
under the General Criteria and the Program Criteria for Industrial and
Similarly Named Engineering Programs.

This new program complements the extensive engineering majors the University
offers, making AUS unique in the region in the variety of engineering programs
available.

The Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering is a four-year program
requiring a minimum of 140 credit hours for graduation. You will first develop
broad and practical knowledge from general education courses (math, sciences,
humanities and social sciences) and then take major courses in preparation for
a career in the following professional areas:

  * supply chain and logistics engineering (production planning and control, materials and supply management, inventory and warehousing management, production scheduling, supply chain management, facility design and location, and logistic engineering)
  * quality and maintenance engineering (quality control, quality improvement, quality auditing, six sigma, maintenance engineering, reliability engineering, maintenance planning and scheduling)

Find our program brochure [here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/brochures)

### Mission Statement

The mission of the industrial engineering program at AUS is to promote and
maintain excellence in teaching and learning to equip students with strong
core competencies in industrial engineering and empower them with the skills
required for successful professional careers. The industrial engineering
program promotes and enhances faculty expertise in research and development
toward providing technical solutions for social challenges and community
advancement through outreach activities and networking with regional and
international organizations.

### Program Educational Objectives

The objectives of the industrial engineering program are to produce graduates
who will:

  * have successful careers as industrial engineers, especially in the fields of logistics and supply chain engineering, as well as quality and maintenance engineering
  * think independently and communicate effectively as team members and team leaders
  * practice engineering considering global, ethical and social factors
  * continue their professional development through further education and advanced studies

### Student Outcomes

Upon graduation, an AUS graduate in industrial engineering should demonstrate:

  * an ability to identify, formulate and solve complex engineering problems by applying principles of engineering, science and mathematics
  * an ability to apply engineering design to produce solutions that meet specified needs with consideration of public health, safety and welfare, as well as global, cultural, social, environmental and economic factors
  * an ability to communicate effectively with a range of audiences
  * an ability to recognize ethical and professional responsibilities in engineering situations and make informed judgments, which must consider the impact of engineering solutions in global, economic, environmental and societal contexts
  * an ability to function effectively on a team whose members together provide leadership, create a collaborative and inclusive environment, establish goals, plan tasks and meet objectives
  * an ability to develop and conduct appropriate experimentation, analyze and interpret data, and use engineering judgment to draw conclusions
  * an ability to acquire and apply new knowledge as needed, using appropriate learning strategies

[Apply](https://www.aus.edu/apply) now for our Bachelor of Science in
Industrial Engineering.

Program Admission and Degree Data

    

**Number of Admitted Students**

**Term** | **Count**  
---|---  
Fall 2020 | 40  
Fall 2021 | 45  
Fall 2022 | 47  
Fall 2023 | 66  
Fall 2024 | 86  
  
**Number of Graduates**

**Academic Year** | **Count**  
---|---  
AY 19-20 | 65  
AY 20-21 | 67  
AY 21-22 | 39  
AY 22-23 | 51  
AY 23-24 | 64  
  
For more information about College of Engineering admitted students and
graduates, [click here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/college-facts-and-ranking).

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

__

Degree Flow Chart

  * Find CEN 1.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/ine_2022-2023.pdf)
  * Find CEN 2.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/ine_study_plan_2023-2024_catalog_v2_1.pdf)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

