Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department Computer Science and Engineering](/cen/-department-of-computer-science-and-engineering)
  * [Programs](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-computer-engineering)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Computer Science](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-computer-science)
    * [Master of Science in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/master-of-science-in-computer-engineering)
    * [Master of Science in Machine Learning](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/master-of-science-in-machine-learning)
    * [Minor in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/minor-in-computer-engineering)
    * [Minor in Computer Science](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/minor-in-computer-science)
  * [Faculty](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering?t=faculty)
  * Facilities
    * [CSE Programming Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/cse-programming-laboratory)
    * [Computer Networks Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/computer-networks-laboratory)
    * [Cybersecurity Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/cybersecurity-laboratory)
    * [Digital Systems Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/digital-systems-laboratory)
    * [Embedded Systems and Industrial Systems Lab](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/embedded-systems-and-industrial-systems-laboratory)
    * [High Performance Computing Lab](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/high-performance-computing-laboratory)
    * [Internet and Mobile Computing Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/internet-and-mobile-computing-laboratory)
    * [Microcontrollers Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/microcontrollers-laboratory)
    * [VLSI and Advanced Digital Systems Laboratory](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/facilities/vlsi-and-advanced-digital-systems-laboratory)
  * [Research](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering?t=research)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

### [College of Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen) [Department of Computer
Science and Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen/-department-of-computer-
science-and-engineering)

##  Programs

  * [Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-computer-engineering)
  * [Bachelor of Science in Computer Science](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-computer-science)
  * [Master of Science in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/master-of-science-in-computer-engineering)
  * [Master of Science in Machine Learning](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/master-of-science-in-machine-learning)
  * [Minor in Computer Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/minor-in-computer-engineering)
  * [Minor in Computer Science](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering/minor-in-computer-science)

# Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

[CEN](/cen) > [Departments](/college/cen/departments) > [Computer Science and
Engineering](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering) >
[Programs](/cen/department-of-computer-science-and-engineering?t=programs) >
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/_d3_2382_az.jpg)

Designed to meet the growing need for computer science experts, our Bachelor
of Science in Computer Science degree is an essential tool for those looking
to join this exciting field.

The Bachelor of Science in Computer Science (BSCS) is accredited by the
Commission for Academic Accreditation of the United Arab Emirates Ministry of
Higher Education and Scientific Research.

The Computer Science (B.S.) program is accredited by the Computing
Accreditation Commission of ABET,
[https://www.abet.org](javascript:aus_external_warning_ShowExternalUrlDialog\("https://www.abet.org"\);),
under the General Criteria and Program Criteria for Computer Science and
Similarly Named Computing Programs.

We have designed our program to provide you with a strong computer science
base that will enable you to capitalize on the increasing career opportunities
available in the information technology sector, especially in software-related
fields.

Our program also aims to expand the limits of your knowledge and enable you to
explore innovative approaches to computer-related problems.

Over the years, our approach has proved successful as our graduates have found
employment in some of the leading companies in the field and have gone on to
pursue graduate studies at some of the best universities in the world.

Find our program brochure [here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/brochures)

### Mission Statement

The mission of the computer science degree program at AUS is to deliver a
modern curriculum that will equip graduates with strong theoretical and
practical backgrounds to enable them to excel in the workplace and to be
lifelong learners.

### Program Educational Objectives

The objectives of the computer science degree are to produce graduates who
will:

  * have successful careers in the field of computer science
  * excel in roles that require leadership qualities and effective communication skills while contributing value to employers and organizations at both regional and global levels
  * stay current in emerging technologies through training, self-learning and/or graduate studies
  * be engaged in the ethical, legal and social issues faced in their workplace and contribute positively to the community

### Student Outcomes

Upon graduation, an AUS graduate in computer science should demonstrate an
ability to:

  * analyze a complex computing problem and to apply principles of computing and other relevant disciplines to identify solutions
  * design, implement and evaluate a computing-based solution to meet a given set of computing requirements in the context of the program’s discipline
  * communicate effectively in a variety of professional contexts
  * recognize professional responsibilities and make informed judgments in computing practice based on legal and ethical principles
  * function effectively as a member or leader of a team engaged in activities appropriate to the program’s discipline 
  * apply computer science theory and software development fundamentals to produce computing-based solutions

[Apply](https://www.aus.edu/apply) now for our Bachelor of Science in Computer
Science.

Program Admission and Degree Data

    

**Number of Admitted Students**

**Term** | **Count**  
---|---  
Fall 2020 | 94  
Fall 2021 | 119  
Fall 2022 | 163  
Fall 2023 | 241  
Fall 2024 | 133  
  
**Number of Graduates**

**Academic Year** | **Count**  
---|---  
AY 19-20 | 22  
AY 20-21 | 41  
AY 21-22 | 30  
AY 22-23 | 62  
AY 23-24 | 75  
  
For more information about College of Engineering admitted students and
graduates, [click here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/college-facts-and-ranking).

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

__

Degree Flow Chart

  * Find CEN 1.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/cmp_cen_1.0.pdf)
  * Find CEN 2.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/cmp_cen_2.0.pdf)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

