Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [CAAD Home](/caad)
  * [Programs](/caad/department-of-architecture/programs)
    * [Bachelor of Architecture](/caad/department-of-architecture/bachelor-of-architecture)
    * [Bachelor of Interior Design](/caad/department-of-architecture/bachelor-of-interior-design)
  * [Faculty](/caad/department-of-architecture/faculty)
  * [Gallery](/caad/department-of-architecture/gallery)
  * [Research](/caad/department-of-architecture/research)
  * [Featured Classes](/caad/featured-classes)

### [College of Architecture, Art and Design](https://www.aus.edu/caad)
[Department of Architecture](https://www.aus.edu/caad/department-of-
architecture)

##  Department of Architecture

  * [CAAD Home](/caad)
  * [Programs](/caad/department-of-architecture/programs)
    * [Bachelor of Architecture](/caad/department-of-architecture/bachelor-of-architecture)
    * [Bachelor of Interior Design](/caad/department-of-architecture/bachelor-of-interior-design)
  * [Faculty](/caad/department-of-architecture/faculty)
  * [Gallery](/caad/department-of-architecture/gallery)
  * [Research](/caad/department-of-architecture/research)
  * [Featured Classes](/caad/featured-classes)

# Bachelor of Interior Design

[CAAD](/caad) > Departments > [Department of Architecture](/caad/department-
of-architecture) > [Programs](/caad/department-of-architecture/programs) >
Bachelor of Interior Design

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/ide_program.jpg)

Unleash the design for your vibrant new career with a Bachelor of Interior
Design degree from AUS and open the door to amazing interior design
opportunities.

Going beyond the decorative, our interior design program focuses on how
interior spaces are formed and put together. You will experience our
intensive, hands-on studio environment and collaborate with industry
professionals, engineers, architects and design teams on real-world projects.
Our inspiring faculty will mentor and guide you as you add to the CAAD
tradition of award-winning young designers for the region. From concept
development to implementation, you will graduate with an impressive portfolio
of your own original and comprehensive designs to present to employers and
secure your dream job as an interior designer.

**Be regionally and internationally recognized.**

Our four-year Bachelor of Interior Design curriculum meets and even exceeds
established international [accreditation](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-at-a-
glance/accreditation) criteria, in order to make you well prepared for
professional interior design practice in the United Arab Emirates and
throughout the region.

**Immerse yourself in our interactive design curriculum.**  
At CAAD, we prepare dynamic, creative individuals like you in establishing a
career as a professional interior designer. We do this by offering the most
competitive interior design program in the region, introducing you to a world
of ideas and skillful craftsmanship. Over the four year program, your design
skills will be enhanced by an interactive learning experience of drawing and
making. You will also have unique opportunities to join teams for travel
abroad to places such as Spain, Italy and Japan, guided. by our faculty.

With a strong liberal arts focus, our acclaimed program balances your
technical and creative experience with a broad foundation in humanities and
social sciences. This means that you will graduate with a broader
understanding of the world as well as an in-depth knowledge of your craft.

Your freshman experience will begin with a one-year [foundations
program](https://www.aus.edu/caad/foundations-program), which all CAAD
students must complete before advancing into their major field of study.
Through this program, you will develop a basic practical and critical
understanding of design principles.

Since interior designers need a broad base of knowledge as well as technical
and creative skill, our degree program will enable you to create designs are
both visually outstanding and grounded in a long tradition of design theory.
In our regionally acclaimed studios, you’ll see your designs come to life as
you work with mentors and instructors to hone and refine your design skills.
And as part of our commitment to make you workplace ready, we’ll give you
amazing opportunities to work on real-life projects as part of a design team,
alongside architects, structural and mechanical engineers, graphic or
environmental designers and other specialty consultants.

**Let our dedicated faculty inspire you.**

As you work alongside our [outstanding
faculty](https://www.aus.edu/caad/department-of-architecture/faculty), you
will benefit from their experience and expertise as industry professionals.
Your instructors are highly qualified and critically acclaimed experts in
their respective fields, taking you through an interactive, interdisciplinary
journey of learning, discovery and creativity.

**Show off your talent.**

You’ll have the chance to exhibit, discuss and present your work in a variety
of different forums and to a wide range of audiences, from your peers to
industry leaders and experts.

**Land your dream job.**

Our graduates are highly successful interior designers who are creating
inspiring and innovative spaces across the MENA region and around the world,
with many also continuing on to high-profile graduate programs in Europe and
North America.

**There’s no other time like this. There’s no other university like AUS.**

**Apply today.**

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

