Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020â€“2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering-)
  * [Programs](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-chemical-engineering)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Chemical and Biological Engineering](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-chemical-and-biological-engineering)
    * [Master of Science in Chemical Engineering](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/master-of-science-in-chemical-engineering)
  * Facilities
    * [Algae Lab](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/algae-lab)
    * [Analytical Instrumentation Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/analytical-instrumentation-laboratory)
    * [Chemical Reaction Engineering Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/chemical-reaction-engineering-laboratory)
    * [Corrosion Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/corrosion-laboratory)
    * [Drug Delivery Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/drug-delivery-laboratory)
    * [Energy Systems Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/energy-systems-laboratory)
    * [Environmental Research Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/environmental-research-laboratory)
    * [Fluid Mechanics Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/fluid-mechanics-laboratory)
    * [Heat Transfer Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/heat-transfer-laboratory)
    * [Instrumentation and Control Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/instrumentation-and-control-laboratory)
    * [Materials Science Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/materials-science-laboratory)
    * [Petroleum Refining Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/petroleum-refining-laboratory)
    * [Thermochemical Conversion Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/thermochemical-conversion-laboratory)
    * [Thermodynamics Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/thermodynamics-laboratory)
    * [Unit Operations Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/unit-operations-laboratory)
    * [Water Technology Laboratory](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/facilities/water-technology-laboratory)
  * [Research](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering?t=research)
  * [Faculty](https://www.aus.edu/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering?t=faculty)
  * [Apply Now](/apply)
  * .

### [College of Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen) [Department of Chemical
and Biological Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen/department-of-chemical-
and-biological-engineering-)

##  Programs

  * [Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-chemical-engineering)
  * [Bachelor of Science in Chemical and Biological Engineering](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-chemical-and-biological-engineering)
  * [Master of Science in Chemical Engineering](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-engineering/master-of-science-in-chemical-engineering)

# Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering

[CEN](/cen) > [Departments](/college/cen/departments) > [Chemical and
Biological Engineering](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-
engineering) > [Programs](/cen/department-of-chemical-and-biological-
engineering?t=programs) > Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/cen_bachelor_of_science_in_chemical_engineering.jpg)

At the Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, we provide you with
a challenging and contemporary chemical engineering degree program enhanced by
the research accomplishments of our faculty members. We value excellence in
teaching, quality research and service, along with the intellectual
development of students in a challenging, rewarding academic environment. Our
department is known throughout the country for its diverse student body,
faculty research and the success of its alumni.

The Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering (BSChE) is **accredited** by
the Commission for Academic Accreditation of the United Arab Emirates Ministry
of Higher Education and Scientific Research.

The Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering program is **accredited** by
the Engineering Accreditation Commission of **ABET** ,
[https://www.abet.org](javascript:aus_external_warning_ShowExternalUrlDialog\("https://www.abet.org/"\);),
under the General Criteria and the Program Criteria for Chemical, Biochemical,
Biomolecular and Similarly Named Engineering Programs.

The BSChE program allows students to benefit from studying in a
**multicultural environment** that fosters critical thinking, lifelong
learning, frequent opportunities to interact with faculty and staff, use of
**state-of-the-art** chemical engineering **teaching and research
laboratories** and simulation software and development of communication
skills. Providing breadth and depth of knowledge and significant design and
engineering experience, our program gives you a chance to gain **hands-on
laboratory experience** across the key areas of chemical engineering through
cutting-edge teaching and research equipment. Students also benefit from our
**industry-sponsored graduation projects** and innovative and modern teaching
methodologies including **project-based learning**.

The chemical engineering degree is tailored to serve the needs of national and
regional chemical and petroleum industries. Upon graduation, students will be
able to work in process safety, clean energy, desalination, drug delivery,
sustainability, data sciences, process modeling and control using AI and
computer aided process design. For the benefit of society at large, we also
ensure that students are educated to be environmentally and ethically
responsible.

Our comprehensive curriculum consists of a **four-year** , **132-credit**
-degree plan leading to the Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering that
meets the needs of the engineering community in the United Arab Emirates and
the Gulf region.

Our program includes university requirements and core requirements for all
chemical engineering students. In addition, each student must also complete
technical and free elective courses. The program also requires an **internship
experience** as well as a senior project accomplished over two semesters in
addition to the **innovation and entrepreneurship** course requirement.

Find our program brochure [here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/brochures)

### **Mission Statement**

The mission of the chemical engineering program at AUS is to prepare students
for a technical career, to be innovative and ethically responsible, and to
provide leadership in chemical engineering and related disciplines.

### **Program Educational Objectives**

The objectives of the chemical engineering program are to produce graduates
who will:

  * succeed in the chemical engineering profession through technical competence, effective communication, teamwork and leadership
  * maintain a lifelong interest in learning for personal and professional development
  * practice engineering in a manner that is ethically responsible and consistent with regulatory and social concerns

### **Student Outcomes**

Upon graduation, an AUS graduate in chemical engineering should demonstrate:

  * an ability to identify, formulate and solve complex engineering problems by applying principles of engineering, science and mathematics
  * an ability to apply engineering design to produce solutions that meet specified needs with consideration of public health, safety and welfare, as well as global, cultural, social, environmental and economic factors
  * an ability to communicate effectively with a range of audiences
  * an ability to recognize ethical and professional responsibilities in engineering situations and make informed judgments, which must consider the impact of engineering solutions in global, economic, environmental and societal contexts
  * an ability to function effectively on a team whose members together provide leadership, create a collaborative and inclusive environment, establish goals, plan tasks and meet objectives
  * an ability to develop and conduct appropriate experimentation, analyze and interpret data, and use engineering judgment to draw conclusions
  * an ability to acquire and apply new knowledge as needed, using appropriate learning strategies

[Apply](https://www.aus.edu/apply) now for our Bachelor of Science in Chemical
Engineering.

Program Admission and Degree Data

    

**Number of Admitted Students**

**Term** | **Count**  
---|---  
Fall 2020 | 40  
Fall 2021 | 34  
Fall 2022 | 29  
Fall 2023 | 47  
Fall 2024 | 40  
  
**Number of Graduates**

**Academic Year** | **Count**  
---|---  
AY 19-20 | 74  
AY 20-21 | 47  
AY 21-22 | 37  
AY 22-23 | 47  
AY 23-24 | 36  
  
For more information about College of Engineering admitted students and
graduates, [click here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/college-facts-and-ranking).

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

__

Degree Flow Chart

  * Find CEN 1.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/course_flowchart_che_1.0.png)
  * Find CEN 2.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/course_flowchart_che_2.0.png)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

Â© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

