Skip to main content

  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [Strategic Plan 2020–2025](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-strategic-plan-2020-2025)

  * [Prospective Students](/prospective-students)
  * [Current Students](/current-students)
  * [Faculty / Staff](/faculty-and-staff)
  * [Alumni](/alumni)

S

[![Home](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/aus-default-logo.png)](/
"Home")

  * [Department of Civil Engineering](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering-)
  * [Programs](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering?t=programs)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-civil-engineering)
    * [Bachelor of Science in Digital Construction Engineering and Management](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-digital-construction-engineering-and-management)
    * [Master of Science in Civil Engineering](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/master-of-science-in-civil-engineering)
  * Facilities
    * [Asphalt and Highway Laboratory](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/facilities/asphalt-and-highway-laboratory)
    * [Environmental Engineering Laboratory](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/facilities/environmental-engineering-laboratory)
    * [Fluid Mechanics and Hydraulic Engineering Laboratory](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/facilities/fluid-mechanics-and-hydraulic-engineering-laboratory)
    * [Geology and Subsurface Exploration Laboratory](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/facilities/geology-and-subsurface-exploration-laboratory)
    * [Geotechnical Engineering Laboratory](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/facilities/geotechnical-engineering-laboratory)
    * [Structures and Construction Material Laboratory](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/facilities/structures-and-construction-material-laboratory)
    * [Surveying Laboratory](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/facilities/surveying-laboratory)
    * [Geographic Information System and Mapping Lab (GISML)](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/facilities/geographic-information-system-and-mapping-lab-gisml)
  * [Research](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering?t=research)
  * [Faculty](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering?t=faculty)
  * [Apply Now](https://www.aus.edu/apply)
  * .

### [College of Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen) [Department of Civil
Engineering](https://www.aus.edu/cen/department-of-civil-engineering-)

##  Programs

  * [Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-civil-engineering)
  * [Bachelor of Science in Digital Construction Engineering and Management](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/bachelor-of-science-in-digital-construction-engineering-and-management)
  * [Master of Science in Civil Engineering](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering/master-of-science-in-civil-engineering)

# Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering

[CEN](/cen) > [Departments](/college/cen/departments) > [Civil
Engineering](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering) >
[Programs](/cen/department-of-civil-engineering?t=programs) > Bachelor of
Science in Civil Engineering

![](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/cen_bachelor_of_science_in_civil_engineering.jpg)

The Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering (BSCE) is accredited by the
Commission for Academic Accreditation of the United Arab Emirates Ministry of
Higher Education and Scientific Research.

The Civil Engineering (B.S.) program is accredited by the Engineering
Accreditation Commission of ABET,
[https://www.abet.org](javascript:aus_external_warning_ShowExternalUrlDialog\("https://www.abet.org/"\);),
under the General Criteria and the Program Criteria for Civil and Similarly
Named Engineering Programs.

Consistent with the demands of international and national accreditation
requirements and targeting specific industry needs of the region, this
undergraduate degree in civil engineering takes about four years to complete.

By the end of it, you will have developed a broad foundation in all
disciplines of civil engineering.

Among the main subjects of the program are structural engineering,
construction materials, geotechnical engineering, transportation engineering,
water resources, environmental engineering and construction management.

The civil engineering degree will also help you improve your communication
skills, use computer tools and develop high standards of professional ethics.

We place considerable emphasis on group-based, open-ended design projects, and
we motivate our students to stay ahead of current technical developments and
environmental and global issues.

With governments throughout the region eager to develop and enhance their
infrastructure and the construction industry playing a significant role in
that development, our region has seen an increased demand for civil engineers.
As a result, you will be in a privileged position to start a career in this
sector upon graduation.

Find our program brochure [here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/brochures)

### Mission Statement

The mission of the civil engineering program at AUS is to provide students
with the highest level of technical preparation, social responsibility,
leadership and lifelong learning skills for successful careers in civil
engineering.

The department offers quality education based on a nationally and
internationally recognized curriculum supported by well-equipped laboratories
and state-of-the-art educational tools.

The department provides a professional environment that fosters fairness,
ethics, diversity, faculty development, quality research, and outreach with
industry and public agencies.

### Program Educational Objectives

The objectives of the civil engineering program are to produce graduates who
will:

  * have successful careers in civil engineering and become independent thinkers, effective communicators, team members, decision makers and leaders in industry and public sectors
  * understand the global, ethical and social implications of the civil engineering profession and promote public safety and environmental protection
  * pursue advanced studies successfully and engage in continuing education and lifelong learning

### Student Outcomes

Upon graduation, an AUS graduate in civil engineering should demonstrate:

  * an ability to identify, formulate and solve complex engineering problems by applying principles of engineering, science and mathematics
  * an ability to apply engineering design to produce solutions that meet specified needs with consideration of public health, safety and welfare, as well as global, cultural, social, environmental and economic factors
  * an ability to communicate effectively with a range of audiences
  * an ability to recognize ethical and professional responsibilities in engineering situations and make informed judgments, which must consider the impact of engineering solutions in global, economic, environmental and societal contexts
  * an ability to function effectively on a team whose members together provide leadership, create a collaborative and inclusive environment, establish goals, plan tasks and meet objectives
  * an ability to develop and conduct appropriate experimentation, analyze and interpret data, and use engineering judgment to draw conclusions
  * an ability to acquire and apply new knowledge as needed, using appropriate learning strategies

[Apply](https://www.aus.edu/apply) now for our Bachelor of Science in Civil
Engineering.

Program Admission and Degree Data

    

**Number of Admitted Students**

**Term** | **Count**  
---|---  
Fall 2020 | 28  
Fall 2021 | 31  
Fall 2022 | 24  
Fall 2023 | 32  
Fall 2024 | 34  
  
**Number of Graduates**

**Academic Year** | **Count**  
---|---  
AY 19-20 | 92  
AY 20-21 | 78  
AY 21-22 | 65  
AY 22-23 | 65  
AY 23-24 | 43  
  
For more information about College of Engineering admitted students and
graduates, [click here](https://www.aus.edu/cen/college-facts-and-ranking).

__

Degree Plan

For more information on program requirements and course descriptions, please
check our [online catalogs.](https://www.aus.edu/academics/services-and-
resources/aus-catalogs)

__

Degree Flow Chart

  * Find CEN 1.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/plan_2022-2023_catalog.pdf)
  * Find CEN 2.0 degree flow chart [here](https://www.aus.edu/sites/default/files/plan_2023-2024_catalog_-_updated.pdf)

## ABOUT US

  * [Leadership Cabinet](/administration)
  * [Accreditation](/about/aus-at-a-glance/accreditation)
  * [Employment](https://www.aus.edu/working-at-aus)
  * [Maps and Directions](/life-at-aus/around-campus/maps-and-directions)
  * [Safety and Security](/life-at-aus/around-campus/safety-and-security)

## APPLY

  * [Undergraduate](/admissions/bachelors-degrees)
  * [Graduate](/admissions/masters-degrees)
  * [Study Abroad](/academics/international-study-and-exchange)

![](/sites/all/themes/aus/images/foot-logo.png)

## RESOURCES

  * [AUS Catalogs](/academics/services-and-resources/aus-catalogs)
  * [Academic Calendar](/academics/services-and-resources/academic-calendar)
  * [Photo Gallery](/gallery/photos)
  * [Discover Sharjah](/about/visit-and-explore/discover-sharjah)
  * [Library](http://library.aus.edu/)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

## TOOLS

  * [AUS Employee Email ](http://email.aus.edu/)
  * [AUS Student Email ](https://studentmail.aus.edu )
  * [MY AUS](https://my.aus.edu)

© 2024 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.twitter.com/AUSharjah)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/ausharjah)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/school/20988/)[
__](https://www.instagram.com/ausharjah/)

  * [PRIVACY POLICY](/privacy)
  * [SITEMAP](/sitemap)
  * [CONTACT US](/contact)

Search this site

Search for

All

Alumni

College / School

Degree programs

Conference

Employment

Event

Faculty

News article

__

__

You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website.

By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American
University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users'
convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that
the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from
those of the AUS website.

Cancel Open link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4873385&fmt=gif)

