## BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN MULTIMEDIA DESIGN

[ DEPARTMENT OF ART AND DESIGN ](https://www.aus.edu/caad/department-of-art-
and-design)

ABOUT THE PROGRAM

CAREERS IN MULTIMEDIA

MEET OUR FACULTY

STUDIO CULTURE & STUDENT WORK

THE CAAD EXPERIENCE

## EXPLORE THE INTERSECTION OF ART AND TECHNOLOGY

Are you ready to explore the exciting intersection of art and technology? Look
no further than our Bachelor of Science in Multimedia Design program. Our
program aims to prepare you for leadership roles in new media design with a
focus on creative content production using time-based and immersive media. You
will learn to combine practical and theoretical knowledge of art, design and
technology, as you prepare to become skilled professionals and creative
problem-solvers ready to practice within traditional and emerging social and
cultural contexts.

Join us in the Bachelor of Science in Multimedia Design program at AUS, where
art and technology collide, and your creative journey begins.

## ABOUT THE PROGRAM

The four-year Bachelor of Science in Multimedia Design program at AUS exceeds
established international accreditation criteria. Courses will provide you
with opportunities to discover filmmaking, interactive and immersive media,
AR/VR technologies, animation and physical computing. You will produce
creative work but also learn about media as a social and cultural phenomena.

The program prepares you to become a reflexive, and creative filmmaker,
digital designer, animator or interactive media artist. You'll discover new
ways to research and solve creative problems, using new technologies,
equipment and software to create a range of industry-standard projects across
media fields.

## **PROGRAM OVERVIEW**

Four years full-time • first year Foundations Program • 69 credits of studio
courses (about half of your total coursework) • optional minor programs •
5-week internship • portfolio development • senior exhibition

[ Click here to view the study
sequence.](/hubfs/CAAD%20Catalog/Proposed%20Sequence%20of%20Study%20BSMD.pdf)

## **THE FOUNDATION FOR SUCCESS**

As a first-year student, you begin your CAAD education with a Foundations Year
Program, which all students in the multimedia design program must complete
before advancing into their major field of study. You are mentored by a
dedicated academic advisor who guides you in scheduling and course selection,
and creating the educational journey you desire.

The Foundations Year supports the critical transition from a high-school to a
college experience. You will be introduced to conceptual and critical thinking
skills, and learn how to apply the specific terminology we use within creative
disciplines. You will also gain a basic understanding of design principles,
while nurturing positive and productive working habits and self-discipline.

## **TAKE COURSES LIKE**

multimedia design studio • photography • typography • history of design •
motion graphics and video • 3D animation • research methodologies for design •
the design profession • culture in a critical perspective • arts and
literature • innovation and entrepreneurship mindset • media systems and
publishing

## **THE LIBERAL ARTS MODEL**

All undergraduate programs at AUS are based on the liberal arts model, which
allows you to take courses in many disciplines outside your major field of
study. This approach means that you will gain a broad general educational
foundation in other areas that interest you and complement your studies, while
still having the opportunity to take a deep dive into your major.

## REGIONALLY AND GLOBALLY RANKED

The [College of Architecture, Art and Design (CAAD)
](https://www.aus.edu/caad)is widely respected as being home to the UAE's top
programs in architecture and design.[ Learn
more](https://www.aus.edu/about/aus-at-a-glance/rankings).

←

**First University in the GCC Rated for Sustainability**

Silver award winner for sustainability in higher education in the
Sustainability Tracking, Assessment and Rating System (STARS)

![QS world ranking](https://info.aus.edu/hubfs/QS%20world%20ranking.jpeg)

**#1 in the UAE** and Top 200 Universities Globally for Art and Design (2023)

**Top Choice** for Employers in the UAE

![THE](https://info.aus.edu/hubfs/THE.jpg)

**Top 5 in the World for Diversity  
** Among the top five universities with the highest % of international
students (2023)

**First University in the GCC Rated for Sustainability**

Silver award winner for sustainability in higher education in the
Sustainability Tracking, Assessment and Rating System (STARS)

![QS world ranking](https://info.aus.edu/hubfs/QS%20world%20ranking.jpeg)

**#1 in the UAE** and Top 200 Universities Globally for Art and Design (2023)

**Top Choice** for Employers in the UAE

→

## MINOR PROGRAMS

At CAAD you can broaden your design expertise by choosing one or more minor in
areas such as film, illustration and animation, photography, product design
and design management. These specialized courses will expand and complement
your discipline-related knowledge. They will also enrich your portfolio or
show reel and apply your skills in a wider range of projects and future roles.

Through our **minor in photography** , you will receive both technical
instruction and develop your creativity in order to skillfully produce your
own portfolio of photographic works.

![18](https://167306.fs1.hubspotusercontent-
na1.net/hub/167306/hubfs/Multimedia%20Design/18.jpg?width=1200&length=1200&name=18.jpg)

A **minor in product design** will provide you with an intensive and
interactive studio experience as you apply technical skills and design theory
to create and exhibit your own portfolio of unique designs.

![12](https://167306.fs1.hubspotusercontent-
na1.net/hub/167306/hubfs/Multimedia%20Design/12.jpg?width=1200&length=1200&name=12.jpg)

A **minor in film** will open up a whole new world of creativity for you,
while complementing your studies in your major discipline.

![10](https://167306.fs1.hubspotusercontent-
na1.net/hub/167306/hubfs/Multimedia%20Design/10.jpg?width=1200&length=1200&name=10.jpg)

From book covers to video games, and online magazines to full-length animated
films, there are endless opportunities for a **minor in illustration and
animation** to be put to use.

A **minor in design management** will give you the skills to apply design
thinking and strategic management knowledge as you seek to effectively lead
the creative process, and equip you to work effectively within a creative
team.

Through our **minor in photography** , you will receive both technical
instruction and develop your creativity in order to skillfully produce your
own portfolio of photographic works.

![18](https://167306.fs1.hubspotusercontent-
na1.net/hub/167306/hubfs/Multimedia%20Design/18.jpg?width=1200&length=1200&name=18.jpg)

A **minor in product design** will provide you with an intensive and
interactive studio experience as you apply technical skills and design theory
to create and exhibit your own portfolio of unique designs.

A **minor in film** will open up a whole new world of creativity for you,
while complementing your studies in your major discipline.

From book covers to video games, and online magazines to full-length animated
films, there are endless opportunities for a **minor in illustration and
animation** to be put to use.

## GOT QUESTIONS?

  * __

[**Read about AUS entry requirements**](https://www.aus.edu/prospective-
students)

  * __

**[Learn about financial grants and
scholarships](https://www.aus.edu/admissions/financial-grants-and-
scholarships)**

  * __

[**Book a meeting**](https://www.aus.edu/admissions/contact)[**with an
admissions advisor**](https://www.aus.edu/admissions/contact)

## CAREERS IN MULTIMEDIA DESIGN

## WHERE CAN A DEGREE IN MULTIMEDIA DESIGN TAKE YOU?

CAAD students gain a working knowledge of filmmaking, interactive graphics,
web design, animation, image making, photography and illustration. As a
multimedia design graduate, you will be ready to enter the market with a
complete set of professional documents including a cover letter, a CV and a
portfolio outlining your creative work and knowledge related to multimedia
design.

## CAREER PATHS

film and media production designer • visual effects artist • production crew •
video/film editor • interaction content developer • advertising agency art
director • web designer • content developer • animation artist • interactive
media specialist • in-house designer • freelance designer

## CAAD GRADS FIND JOBS WITH

Brand Union • Dubai TV • Elephant Nation • Expo 2020 • Landor • Leo Burnett •
BC • Municipality of Abu Dhabi • Municipality of Ajman • Municipality of Dubai
•  Municipality of Sharjah •  Municipality of Umm al Quwain •  Pixelhunters •
Real Image • Serena • Sharjah Art Foundation •  Slash • Tashkeel • TwoFour54

## OR CONTINUE THEIR EDUCATION AT

Basel School of Design • Central Saint Martins • Domus Academy • New York Film
Academy • Pratt Institute • Rhode Island School of Design • Royal College of
Arts •  Savannah College of Art and Design • School of Visual Arts • The
London Film School • University of Illinois at Chicago

## MEET OUR ALUMNI

##  **DANA ALHANBALI**

## After graduating from AUS with a Bachelor of Science in Visual
Communication in 2010, Dana has enjoyed a highly successful career as an
entrepreneur, creative consultant, writer, speaker and podcast host.

##  **HEBA ALNABULSI**

## Heba graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Design Management in 2011 and
has put her degree to work helping brands, agencies and marketing
professionals turn their social media data into strategies and success stories
that make a real business impact.

##  **LAYA MOOTI**

## Now a producer at electriclimefilms in Dubai, Layal graduated from AUS with
a Bachelor of Science in Multimedia Design in 2018. Starting as an intern,
Layal has enjoyed a fast-paced career working on a wide range of exciting
projects.

[ READ MORE CAAD ALUMNI SUCCESS STORIES
](https://www.aus.edu/media/news?og_group_ref_target_id_entityreference_filter=54)

## MEET OUR FACULTY

##  ****

##  ****

##  ****

##  ****

##  ****

##  ****

##  ****

##  ****

##  ****

##  ****

##  ****

##  ****

##  ****

## STUDIO CULTURE AT CAAD

Our studio classroom goes beyond textbooks and lectures, and learning takes on
a whole new dimension. You will find a space buzzing with creativity and
collaboration, and you will be actively engaged in hands-on projects, guided
by caring and passionate professors, industry experts and fellow students who
bring diverse perspectives.

**Watch below to get a glimpse of the vibrant studio classroom that awaits
you.**

## **ALUMNI UNSCRIPTED**

Explore the firsthand accounts of our graduates in Alumni Unscripted, where
they share valuable insights into their time with us. From memorable moments
to transformative experiences, discover how our university shaped their paths
and prepared them for success beyond the AUS campus.

## STUDENT WORK

  * ![Gallery 6](https://167306.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hub/167306/hubfs/Gallery%206.jpeg?width=1200&length=1200&name=Gallery%206.jpeg)

**HANAN AL-ALI**

  * ![Gallery 8](https://167306.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hub/167306/hubfs/Gallery%208.jpeg?width=1200&length=1200&name=Gallery%208.jpeg)

**VIS201 STUDENTS**

  * ![Gallery 5](https://167306.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hub/167306/hubfs/Gallery%205.jpeg?width=1200&length=1200&name=Gallery%205.jpeg)

**MARWA EL-EMAM**

  * ![gallery 7-1](https://167306.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hub/167306/hubfs/gallery%207-1.jpeg?width=1200&length=1200&name=gallery%207-1.jpeg)

**SENIOR  
****MULTIMEDIA DESIGN  
STUDENTS**

  * ![Gallery 4](https://167306.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hub/167306/hubfs/Gallery%204.jpeg?width=1200&length=1200&name=Gallery%204.jpeg)

**MAHRA ALBLOOSHI**

  * ![Gallery 9](https://167306.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hub/167306/hubfs/Gallery%209.jpeg?width=1200&length=1200&name=Gallery%209.jpeg)

**MAI AWWAD**

[ EXPLORE OUR ONLINE GALLERY ](https://www.aus.edu/caad/department-of-art-and-
design-/gallery)

## CAAD ON INSTAGRAM

[ FOLLOW US ](https://www.instagram.com/caadaus/)

## THE CAAD EXPERIENCE

[ ](https://www.aus.edu/caad/foundations-program)

#### [ START WITH A SOLID FOUNDATION  ](https://www.aus.edu/caad/foundations-
program)

[ Foundations is a unique and rigorous program that introduces you to the
fundamentals of design and prepares you for all fields of study that are
offered in CAAD. Over two semesters, you will be encouraged to develop a basic
critical and practical understanding of design principals, experimenting with
and exploring materials, tools and techniques to provide you with a strong
background in basic design. ](https://www.aus.edu/caad/foundations-program)

[](https://www.aus.edu/caad/foundations-
program)[](https://www.drivewebstudio.com/drive-hubspot-theme-
documentation)[Learn more.](https://www.aus.edu/caad/foundations-program)

[ ](https://167306.hubspotpreview-na1.com/#Meet-our-faculty)

#### [ LEARN FROM AWARD-WINNING FACULTY  ](https://167306.hubspotpreview-
na1.com/#Meet-our-faculty)

[ At CAAD, our faculty members are highly qualified and critically acclaimed
in their fields. They are passionate about guiding you through an engaging and
interdisciplinary learning journey. Beyond the classroom, you'll have the
opportunity to collaborate with industry professionals and design teams on
real-world projects, gaining valuable insights and experiences that will set
you apart. ](https://167306.hubspotpreview-na1.com/#Meet-our-faculty)

[](https://167306.hubspotpreview-na1.com/#Meet-our-faculty)Meet our faculty.

[ ](https://www.aus.edu/caad/caad-labs)

#### [ GET INTO OUR CULTURE OF MAKING  ](https://www.aus.edu/caad/caad-labs)

[ CAAD Labs are at the center of our "culture of making" and our commitment to
providing comprehensive design education. Students are encouraged to explore
and experiment in their practice of cross-disciplinary design and facilitate
the production of full-scale design right here on campus at AUS.
](https://www.aus.edu/caad/caad-labs)

[](https://www.aus.edu/caad/caad-labs)[](https://www.drivewebstudio.com/drive-
hubspot-theme-documentation)[Learn more](https://www.aus.edu/caad/caad-labs).

[ ](https://www.instagram.com/caadaus/)

#### [ FIND INSPIRATION EVERYWHERE  ](https://www.instagram.com/caadaus/)

[ ](https://www.instagram.com/caadaus/)

[Immerse yourself in the unique CAAD experience at AUS. As a multimedia design
student, you'll be part of a dynamic and interactive learning environment.
Engage in guest lectures, visit local art collections and professional
agencies, join cultural clubs, and participate in student-led workshops. The
possibilities for inspiration are endless, and you can catch a glimpse of our
vibrant community on our ](https://www.instagram.com/caadaus/)[Instagram
page](https://www.instagram.com/caadaus/).

[ ](http://aus.edu/ixo)

#### [ EXPLORE THE WORLD OF DESIGN ABROAD  ](http://aus.edu/ixo)

[ Every year, CAAD offers students the opportunity to expand their design
studies through study tours to destinations such as Denmark, Spain and Italy.
](http://aus.edu/ixo)

[AUS students are also able to study for up to two semesters abroad through
our ](http://aus.edu/ixo)[International Exchange Office.](http://aus.edu/ixo)

[ ](https://www.aus.edu/caad/six-degrees-senior-show)

#### [ DESIGN YOUR FUTURE SUCCESS  ](https://www.aus.edu/caad/six-degrees-
senior-show)

[ ](https://www.aus.edu/caad/six-degrees-senior-show)

[Graduate with a cohesive body of work ready to impress the creative
industries, or launch your own studio practice or entrepreneurial venture.
Join our network of successful CAAD alumni who continue to pioneer media
research and thrive in various media industries. Whether it's working in film
and media production, advertising agencies, or starting your own creative
company, you'll be equipped to make a mark as a designer, visual effects
artist, motion graphics specialist, art director, web designer and more.
](https://www.aus.edu/caad/six-degrees-senior-show)[View examples of student
work from our senior showcase _Six Degrees_.](https://www.aus.edu/caad/six-
degrees-senior-show)

## WANT TO LEARN MORE?

First Name*

Last Name*

I am a*

Please SelectParentStudent

Gender*

Please SelectMaleFemale

Nationality*

Please SelectUnited Arab EmiratesAfghanistanAland
IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Saint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurmaBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African
RepublicChadChechniaChileChinaChristmas IslandColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The
Democratic Republic of theCook IslandsCosta RicaCote
dIvoireCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech RepublicDemocratic People's Republic of
KoreaDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl
SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands
(Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench
Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-
BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City
State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyIvory
CoastJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKoreaKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao
Peoples Democratic
RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacauMacedonia,
The Former Yugoslav Republic
OfMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMoldova, Republic
OfMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands
AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk
IslandNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua New
GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalQatarRepublic of
KoreaReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint HelenaSaint Kitts and
NevisSaint LuciaSaint Martin (French Part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint
Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint
MaartenSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
South Sandwich IslandsSouth SudanSpainSri LankaStatelessSudanSurinameSvalbard
and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwan, Province Of
ChinaTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and
TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited KingdomUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUnited States of AmericaUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishWallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenYugoslaviaZaireZambiaZimbabwe

Country of Residence*

Please SelectUnited Arab EmiratesAfghanistanAland
IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Saint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurmaBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African
RepublicChadChechniaChileChinaChristmas IslandColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The
Democratic Republic of theCook IslandsCosta RicaCote
dIvoireCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech RepublicDemocratic People's Republic of
KoreaDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl
SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands
(Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench
Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-
BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City
State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKoreaKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao
Peoples Democratic
RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacauMacedonia,
The Former Yugoslav Republic
OfMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMoldova, Republic
OfMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands
AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk
IslandNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua New
GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalQatarRepublic of
KoreaReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint HelenaSaint Kitts and
NevisSaint LuciaSaint Martin (French Part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint
Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint
MaartenSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
South Sandwich IslandsSouth SudanSpainSri LankaStatelessSudanSurinameSvalbard
and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwan, Province Of
ChinaTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and
TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited KingdomUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUnited States of AmericaUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishWallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenYugoslaviaZaireZambiaZimbabwe

City*

Email*

Mobile Phone Number*

*Afghanistan (‫افغانستان‬‎)Albania (Shqipëri)Algeria (‫الجزائر‬‎)American SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmenia (Հայաստան)ArubaAustraliaAustria (Österreich)Azerbaijan (Azərbaycan)BahamasBahrain (‫البحرين‬‎)Bangladesh (বাংলাদেশ)BarbadosBelarus (Беларусь)Belgium (België)BelizeBenin (Bénin)BermudaBhutan (འབྲུག)BoliviaBosnia and Herzegovina (Босна и Херцеговина)BotswanaBrazil (Brasil)British Indian Ocean TerritoryBritish Virgin IslandsBruneiBulgaria (България)Burkina FasoBurundi (Uburundi)Cambodia (កម្ពុជា)Cameroon (Cameroun)CanadaCape Verde (Kabu Verdi)Caribbean NetherlandsCayman IslandsCentral African Republic (République centrafricaine)Chad (Tchad)ChileChina (中国)ColombiaComoros (‫جزر القمر‬‎)Congo (DRC) (Jamhuri ya Kidemokrasia ya Kongo)Congo (Republic) (Congo-Brazzaville)Cook IslandsCosta RicaCôte d’IvoireCroatia (Hrvatska)CubaCuraçaoCyprus (Κύπρος)Czech Republic (Česká republika)Denmark (Danmark)DjiboutiDominicaDominican Republic (República Dominicana)EcuadorEgypt (‫مصر‬‎)El SalvadorEquatorial Guinea (Guinea Ecuatorial)EritreaEstonia (Eesti)EthiopiaFalkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)Faroe Islands (Føroyar)FijiFinland (Suomi)FranceFrench Guiana (Guyane française)French Polynesia (Polynésie française)GabonGambiaGeorgia (საქართველო)Germany (Deutschland)Ghana (Gaana)GibraltarGreece (Ελλάδα)Greenland (Kalaallit Nunaat)GrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuinea (Guinée)Guinea-Bissau (Guiné Bissau)GuyanaHaitiHondurasHong Kong (香港)Hungary (Magyarország)Iceland (Ísland)India (भारत)IndonesiaIran (‫ایران‬‎)Iraq (‫العراق‬‎)IrelandIsrael (‫ישראל‬‎)Italy (Italia)JamaicaJapan (日本)Jordan (‫الأردن‬‎)Kazakhstan (Казахстан)KenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwait (‫الكويت‬‎)Kyrgyzstan (Кыргызстан)Laos (ລາວ)Latvia (Latvija)Lebanon (‫لبنان‬‎)LesothoLiberiaLibya (‫ليبيا‬‎)LiechtensteinLithuania (Lietuva)LuxembourgMacau (澳門)Macedonia (FYROM) (Македонија)Madagascar (Madagasikara)MalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritania (‫موريتانيا‬‎)Mauritius (Moris)Mexico (México)MicronesiaMoldova (Republica Moldova)MonacoMongolia (Монгол)Montenegro (Crna Gora)MontserratMorocco (‫المغرب‬‎)Mozambique (Moçambique)Myanmar (Burma) (မြန်မာ)Namibia (Namibië)NauruNepal (नेपाल)Netherlands (Nederland)New Caledonia (Nouvelle-Calédonie)New ZealandNicaraguaNiger (Nijar)NigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth Korea (조선 민주주의 인민 공화국)Northern Mariana IslandsNorway (Norge)Oman (‫عُمان‬‎)Pakistan (‫پاکستان‬‎)PalauPalestine (‫فلسطين‬‎)Panama (Panamá)Papua New GuineaParaguayPeru (Perú)PhilippinesPoland (Polska)PortugalPuerto RicoQatar (‫قطر‬‎)Réunion (La Réunion)Romania (România)Russia (Россия)RwandaSaint Barthélemy (Saint-Barthélemy)Saint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Martin (Saint-Martin (partie française))Saint Pierre and Miquelon (Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon)Saint Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSão Tomé and Príncipe (São Tomé e Príncipe)Saudi Arabia (‫المملكة العربية السعودية‬‎)Senegal (Sénégal)Serbia (Србија)SeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint MaartenSlovakia (Slovensko)Slovenia (Slovenija)Solomon IslandsSomalia (Soomaaliya)South AfricaSouth Korea (대한민국)South Sudan (‫جنوب السودان‬‎)Spain (España)Sri Lanka (ශ්‍රී ලංකාව)Sudan (‫السودان‬‎)SurinameSwazilandSweden (Sverige)Switzerland (Schweiz)Syria (‫سوريا‬‎)Taiwan (台灣)TajikistanTanzaniaThailand (ไทย)Timor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisia (‫تونس‬‎)Turkey (Türkiye)TurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluU.S. Virgin IslandsUgandaUkraine (Україна)United Arab Emirates (‫الإمارات العربية المتحدة‬‎)United KingdomUnited StatesUruguayUzbekistan (Oʻzbekiston)VanuatuVatican City (Città del Vaticano)VenezuelaVietnam (Việt Nam)Wallis and FutunaYemen (‫اليمن‬‎)ZambiaZimbabwe

## **CONTACT US**

**General inquiries  
**[infoartdesign@aus.edu](mailto:infoartdesign@aus.edu)

**Head of Department**  
Dr. Zinka Bejtic  
Tel +971 6 515 2809  
[zbejtic@aus.edu](mailto:zbejtic@aus.edu)

**Administrative Assistant**  
Sunitha Kallai  
Tel +971 6 515 2850  
[skallai@aus.edu](mailto:skallai@aus.edu)

## AUS ON INSTAGRAM

## Team Member Name

__

![team-member](https://5377389.fs1.hubspotusercontent-
na1.net/hubfs/5377389/theme/images/stock-images/team-member-1.png)

Team member bio information.

