Skip to main content

-

![pg-
job](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/PGBPGNGLOBAL/images/pg-
job-1678362960255.png)

# Sales Management Internship 2025

Location __Dubai, United Arab Emirates Category __Sales Job Id __R000120273
Job Type __Full time **** __Internships

[ Apply Now  ](https://pg.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/1000/job/Dubai/Sales-
Management-Internship-2025_R000120273/apply?source=RS_LINKEDIN)

__ Save job

[ __ Back to search results  ]( "Back to search results")

__ Previous job  Next job  __

JOB DESCRIPTION

**Job Location**

Dubai

**Job Description**

Do you want to be in the driving seat to sell our global leadership brands?

Are you intrigued by the idea to build long-term business relationships with
our customers?

Then an Internship in our Sales department is the right place for you to gain
a great experience.

**Your Role as an Intern in Sales:**

Trade Marketing & Category Management:

You have the commercial responsibility for a category (e.g. Baby care with
Pampers, Hair Care with Head & Shoulders etc.) for UAE.

Your missions will be to improve turnover and Sales fundamentals by doing
strategic choices in terms of budget, assortment and promotion. You will work
alongside with the Brand leaders.

**Key Account Management:**

Externally focused on national and key accounts, you will contribute to
national negotiations on prices, assortment, merchandising and promotions. You
will collaborate with the whole customer team to prepare business plans and
external negotiations.

**What we offer:**

  * We guarantee you responsibilities from day 1 and to have the ownership of at least one or two big projects.

  * Your manager will coach you and will ensure you get a dedicated training program, including some days with our Sales force.

  * The Sales internship program is the best way to start building your career at P&G. Our career paths are based on promotion from within: All our Commercial Sales Directors have started their career on the field!

  * Paid Learning Experience: We treat you like a real full-time employee, not only in terms of the responsibility you take on, but also by providing you with a competitive monthly stipend.

**Job Qualifications**

## ** _What We Look For:_**

  * University undergraduates who will complete their degree between June 2026 - January 2027.

  * UAE Nationals are preferred. GCC Nationals or UAE residency holders with minimum of 6 months validity from the start date of the internship are also eligible. Only student residency or family sponsorship are eligible, work/company sponsorship will not be considered - **********_this is a must_**** ** ****

  * Evidence of passion and achievements in academic and/or non-academic activities. Tell us what you’re proud of – be it playing a musical instrument or holding down a job alongside your studies. We want to get to know you!

  * Demonstrated leadership skills and analytical capability.

  * Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

  * Fluency in English, Arabic is a plus

  * Passionate about pursuing a career at P&G after graduation

The internship will be in Summer 2025, for a minimum of 10 weeks. Apply soon
to secure your chance, we may close early if all roles are filled.

## **At P &G #weseeequal**

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. At
P&G we strive to build a culture where everyone feels welcome, included, and
able to bring their full selves to work.

We champion social mobility and believe socio-economic status should not be a
barrier to accessing job opportunities. That’s why in addition to this
internship being paid, we offer provision of all the necessary technology and
electronic equipment, access to a range of benefits, and financial support if
you need to relocate for your internship - such as covering the cost of travel
to your internship location.

We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable
accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process.
Please click [here](https://faq.pgwebtools.com/disability-accommodation-
request/?fl_builder) if you require an accommodation during the application
process. Please make sure to wait to hear back from us regarding your
accommodation before proceeding with the online assessment, we thank you in
advance for your patience.

**Job Schedule**

Full time

**Job Number**

R000120273

**Job Segmentation**

Internships (Job Segmentation)

__Explore Location

[ __ Close the popup  ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ Apply Now ](https://pg.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/1000/job/Dubai/Sales-
Management-Internship-2025_R000120273/apply?source=RS_LINKEDIN)

__ Save job

##  Get notified for similar jobs

You'll receive updates once a week

Enter Email address (Required)

Opt-in to receive news and updates about P&G careers and roles by email. *
Opt-in to allow P&G to share your personal information with its advertising
partners to show you, and others like you, news and updates about P&G careers
and roles through online channels such as LinkedIn, Instagram, Meta, Facebook,
Google, TikTok, and YouTube.  
  
You can opt out of the above communications and/or information sharing at any
time. For more details on opting out and to learn more how P&G processes your
personal information, please see [P&G’s Global Candidate Privacy
Notice](https://privacypolicy.pg.com/employee/candidate/).

Submit

Success! Successfully subscribed for similar jobs  Failure! You have already
subscribed for this job  Failure! Failed to subscribed for similar jobs

[ Manage alerts  ](javascript:void\(0\))

__

### Success!

Successfully subscribed for similar jobs

Ok

__

### Failure!

Ok

##  Get tailored job recommendations based on your interests.

Get Started

__ profile icon

![loading](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/PGBPGNGLOBAL/en_global/desktop/assets/images/loader.gif)

##  Profile recommendations

See more  __

Show less  __ See next  __ See even more  __

No recommendations found

##  Similar Jobs

  * [ Sales Manager (UAE Nationals Only) (Evergreen)  ](https://www.pgcareers.com/global/en/job/R000112960/Sales-Manager-UAE-Nationals-Only-Evergreen)

__ Available in 2 locations  Category __ Sales  Job Id __ R000112960 Job Type
__ Full time __ Recent Grads/Entry Level

__

Whilst building the plans, you will not only develop your negotiating and
sales skills, but also your financial & marketing skills, analytical insights
and logistical understanding as you are responsi...

No recommendations found

##  Jobseekers Also Viewed

  * [ Brand Management Internship 2025  ](https://www.pgcareers.com/global/en/job/R000119873/Brand-Management-Internship-2025)

Location __ Dubai, United Arab Emirates  Category __ Brand
Management/Marketing

__

  * [ Sales Internship Program - Riyadh  ](https://www.pgcareers.com/global/en/job/R000119420/Sales-Internship-Program-Riyadh)

__ Available in 2 locations  Category __ Sales

__

  * [ P&G 2025 Internship Program  ](https://www.pgcareers.com/global/en/job/R000120397/P-G-2025-Internship-Program)

__ Available in 5 locations  Category __ Multi-Functional

__

  * [ Full-Stack Software Engineer  ](https://www.pgcareers.com/global/en/job/R000114715/Full-Stack-Software-Engineer)

Location __ Bucharest, Bucureşti, Romania  Category __ Information Technology

__

  * [ Marketing Intern  ](https://www.pgcareers.com/global/en/job/R000121248/Marketing-Intern)

Location __ ALMATY, Kazakhstan  Category __ Brand Management/Marketing

__

No recommendations found

Share this Opportunity

  * __ Share via Facebook
  * __ Share via twitter
  * __ Share via LinkedIn
  * __ Share via email

###  Share job link

__

To your colleagues or friends

Cancel  Copy Link

c868e6cc99544ffe82d2dbea6cf09c5e

1 new message from chatbot![](https://d1b9xwwlt0lrqx.cloudfront.net/dev/bot-
icons/prod-ir-PGBPGNGLOBAL-en_global-cx-web-chatbotavatar-1707306431835.png)

Hi! Are you interested in this job?

Close chatbot notification

I'm interested

Find similar jobs

استخدام ملفات تعريف الارتباط - نستخدم نحن وشركاؤنا ملفات تعريف الارتباط لتحليل
حركة الزيارة، وتحسين موقعنا الإلكتروني، وتزويدك بإعلانات مخصّصة من أجلك. اكتشف
المزيد في [سياسة الخصوصية](https://privacypolicy.pg.com/ar-SA/) لدينا. يمكنك
تحديد خيارات أكثر تحديدًا في [أداة الموافقة على ملفات تعريف
الارتباط](javascript:void\(0\)) لدينا متى شئت.

قبول جميع ملفات تعريف الارتباط رفض جميع ملفات تعريف الارتباط غير الضرورية

