Information and consent on cookies & similar tools

We are using cookies/tools to deliver and maintain the service, including
protection against fraud or abuse and for audience measurement. You can object
to the latter in the settings.

* * *

By clicking additionally “accept all”, we use cookies/tools to improve the
quality and performance of our services, for functional and personalized
performance and design improvements, to measure effectiveness of ads or
campaigns, for personalize content and to present you individualized
information for marketing purposes, including outside our website via vendors.
These enable personalized advertisements and extended analysis and evaluation
options regarding the target group and user behaviour. This includes the
access and storage of data on your device. You also agree that the data may be
transferred to third countries outside the European Economic Area without an
adequate level of protection under data protection law (esp. USA). It is
possible that authorities may access the data without any legal remedy. If you
do not wish the processing described in this paragraph, you can close the
banner. You can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect.

Settings Accept allSave + Exit

Customize your choice | Cookies | [Privacy Policy](https://www.beiersdorf.com/meta-pages/privacy-policy) | [Conditions of Use](https://www.beiersdorf.com/meta-pages/conditions-of-use) | [Imprint](https://www.beiersdorf.com/meta-pages/imprint)

test

![Logo](https://cdn.consentmanager.net/delivery/img/logo1641977279x8139.gif)

![stage](https://res.cloudinary.com/feelgood-at-work-
de/image/upload/v1706628098/kq83br3h13r5rxfy97aw.jpg)

# Winnership - eCommerce Intern (all genders)

[Apply](https://career5.successfactors.eu/career?company=beiersdorfP&lang=en_US&career_ns=job_application&career_job_req_id=17355&jobPipeline=ET3Z4MIY&utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=jobad&utm_campaign=15&utm_content=ad::98895__k::15__p::LI-
LM1__b::1__j::11745_en_US__ex::0__pid::auto_c16_j11745_en_US_d20241223)

At Beiersdorf, we want to help people feel good about their skin – and our
commitment goes far beyond caring for skin. For 140 years, we have developed
innovative skin and body care products for well-known brands such as NIVEA,
Eucerin, La Prairie, Hansaplast, and Labello. We act according to our purpose,
WE CARE BEYOND SKIN, and take responsibility for our consumers, our employees,
the environment and society.

Behind every brand, every product and every accomplishment are our more than
20,000 employees. It is for them that we live a culture of inclusion, respect
and trust that is strongly aligned with our values CARE, COURAGE, SIMPLICITY
and TRUST. We embrace diversity by valuing the uniqueness of each individual
and being committed to equal opportunities for all.

### Your Tasks

  * Drive the execution of E-Commerce strategies in collaboration with respective Middle East Commercial and Distributor teams. 
  * Assist in the implementation of best-in-class content strategy, promotional campaigns, and full funnel marketing across various digital channels. 
  * Facilitate data collection, sales reporting, and sellout analysis. 
  * Collaborate and communicate with Distributor teams to drive the E-Commerce upskilling agenda and implement ways of working. 
  * Maintain routine connects with internal and external stakeholders to understand the evolving channel dynamics and competitive behaviours. 
  * Support the overall E-Commerce Development and Omnichannel Acceleration. 

### Your Profile

  * You are currently studying in your Bachelors or Masters – or you have recently finished your university. 
  * You have a positive attitude, are highly organized and detail oriented and have a growth mindset. 
  * You have already gained some work experience in E-Commerce or Analytics, e.g., as part of previous internships. 
  * You have experience in Sales, Digital, E-Commerce operations. 
  * You can speak English which is our corporate language. 
  * You have an advanced skill level in Microsoft Excel & PowerPoint. 
  * You are on site in Dubai, UAE (home office is possible up to 2 days a week). 
  * You want to become an active team member, take on responsibility, work independently, and contribute your ideas. 
  * You can imagine developing your potential with us in the long-term global career (many former interns or working students later find themselves in various positions at Beiersdorf). 

### Additional information

We embrace Diversity and Inclusion and are committed to providing equal
opportunities to all of our applicants – regardless of race, gender, age,
religion and beliefs, sexual orientation and gender identity, disability,
cultural, ethnic or national origins. We would therefore kindly ask you to
include only information and data in your documents which are relevant for the
assessment of your application (e.g. curriculum vitae, salary expectations,
relevant references and certificates) and encourage you to upload your CV
without a picture.

### Job Details

Contract Type:

    Limited, 6 Months / Full-Time
Country / City:

    United Arab Emirates / Dubai
Company:

    Beiersdorf Middle East FZCO (Dubai)
Job ID:

    17355
[Apply](https://career5.successfactors.eu/career?company=beiersdorfP&lang=en_US&career_ns=job_application&career_job_req_id=17355&jobPipeline=ET3Z4MIY&utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=jobad&utm_campaign=15&utm_content=ad::98895__k::15__p::LI-
LM1__b::1__j::11745_en_US__ex::0__pid::auto_c16_j11745_en_US_d20241223)

![](https://www.beiersdorf.com/~/media/Beiersdorf/newsroom/press-releases/dd-
emergency-publication-template/Beiersdorf-standard-
teaser.png?mw=850&hash=B2BDD8D2D83E27F27540393F22A5C995)

We need your approval

This content is provided by YouTube. By enabling this content, your personal
data may be processed by the vendor and cookies may be set. The vendor could
then use the request and other information for advertising. You agree that the
data may also be transferred to third countries outside the European Economic
Area without an adequate level of data protection (esp. USA). It is possible
that authorities may access the data without any legal remedy. You can
withdraw your consent at any time with future effect. Further info: privacy
policy.

Accept

Always accept YouTube

[Apply](https://career5.successfactors.eu/career?company=beiersdorfP&lang=en_US&career_ns=job_application&career_job_req_id=17355&jobPipeline=ET3Z4MIY&utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=jobad&utm_campaign=15&utm_content=ad::98895__k::15__p::LI-
LM1__b::1__j::11745_en_US__ex::0__pid::auto_c16_j11745_en_US_d20241223)

[ PRIVACY POLICY ](https://www.beiersdorf.com/career/local/en/privacy-
statement-recruitment/data-privacy-policy-uae)

Share Job

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://www.beiersdorf.com/career/jobs/643f70011935d55b849f43d3eff01eb9?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=job_share "Share on Facebook")
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https://www.beiersdorf.com/career/jobs/643f70011935d55b849f43d3eff01eb9?utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=job_share "Share on LinkedIn")
  * [](https://www.xing.com/spi/shares/new?url=https://www.beiersdorf.com/career/jobs/643f70011935d55b849f43d3eff01eb9?utm_source=xing&utm_medium=job_share "Share on XING")
  * [](mailto:?subject=Winnership%20-%20eCommerce%20Intern%20\(all%20genders\)&body=I%20have%20an%20interesting%20position%20as%20Winnership%20-%20eCommerce%20Intern%20\(all%20genders\)%0Ahttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.beiersdorf.com%2Fcareer%2Fjobs%2F643f70011935d55b849f43d3eff01eb9%3Futm_source%3Demail%26utm_medium%3Djob_share%0APlease%20take%20a%20look%20at%20this! "Send by email")

Further information about social media buttons can be found in our [privacy
policy](~/link.aspx?_id=5DC495ED528249D6B7AF8085CE405462&_z=z).

[ PDF Print
](/ajax/Jobboard/JobDetailPageAsPdf?db=web&contextItemId={86A13ACD-83A7-DF0E-8311-132B90D7FD5B}&lang=en&jobid=643f70011935d55b849f43d3eff01eb9)

