Skip to main content

## Search & Apply for Jobs

Search

Search by Keyword

Search by Location

Search Jobs

Please select a location from the dropdown to proceed.

  * [![Upload Resume Icon](https://tbcdn.talentbrew.com/company/287/26508/content/upload-icon.png)Upload Resume & Match Me](https://citi.eightfold.ai/careers)
  * ![Location Match Info Icon](https://tbcdn.talentbrew.com/company/287/26508/content/info-icon.png)Location Match Info

Our Resume Match feature is available for roles in:

  * Brazil
  * Canada
  * Colombia
  * Costa Rica
  * Germany
  * Hong Kong
  * Hungary
  * India

  * Ireland
  * Malaysia
  * Philippines
  * Poland
  * Puerto Rico
  * Singapore
  * United Kingdom
  * United States

For all other locations, please use our keyword search.

You are now leaving Citi Careers portal, and entering a third-party site,
operated in behalf of Citi.

[PROCEED](https://citi.eightfold.ai/careers?utm_term=393708536&ss=paid&utm_campaign=emea_experienced&utm_medium=job_posting&source=APPLICANT_SOURCE-3-354&utm_source=linkedin.com&utm_content=social_media)

Our Resume Match feature is available for roles in:

  * Brazil
  * Canada
  * Colombia
  * Costa Rica
  * Germany
  * Hong Kong
  * Hungary
  * India

  * Ireland
  * Malaysia
  * Philippines
  * Poland
  * Puerto Rico
  * Singapore
  * United Kingdom
  * United States

For all other locations, please use our keyword search.

# 2025, Transaction Banking, Summer Intern, Summer Internship, Dubai, UAE (UAE
Nationals Preferred)

**Job Req ID** 24794175 **Location(s)** Dubai, United Arab Emirates **Job
Type** On-Site/Resident **Job Category** Treasury and Trade Solutions  

[Apply Now](https://citi.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/2/job/Dubai-United-Arab-
Emirates/XMLNAME-2025--Transaction-Banking--Summer-Intern--Summer-Internship--
Dubai--UAE--UAE-Nationals-Preferred-_24794175/apply)

We are looking for summer analysts to join the transactional banking business,
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS) in Dubai. TTS works with multinational
corporations, commercial banking clients, financial institutions and public
sector organisations to streamline their Treasury organisation through
transactional efficiencies.

Are you ready to bring your knowledge from the classroom to the boardroom?
Citi wants to help you get there! Whether it’s honing your skills or building
your network, we know that success can’t come without growth. Our programs
equip you with the knowledge and training you need to play a valuable role on
your team and establish a long-term career here. At Citi, we value internal
mobility, and career growth is not a question of “if”, but “when”.

**_What is TTS and how do we help our clients?_**

TTS provides a wide array of transactional banking services primarily aimed at
the “Short-Term” and Working Capital sections of the client’s balance sheet.
With the industry's most comprehensive suite of digitally enabled platforms,
tools and analytics, TTS leads the way in delivering innovative and tailored
solutions to clients. TTS enables multinational corporations, commercial
banking clients, financial institutions and public sector organisations around
the globe to fulfil their treasury needs and drive their business forward. TTS
is a core business for Citi, aligned with Citi’s identity of being “a
preeminent banking partner for institutions with cross-border needs”.

Our business is divided into two core segments - _Cash Management and Trade_ :

**Cash Management focuses on Payments and Receivables, Liquidity Management
Services, Platform and Data Services and Commercial Cards.**

  * Payments – Allowing clients to initiate payments securely and efficiently whether domestic or cross border

  * Receivables – Clients funds collected, allowing them to better support sales initiatives and drive top line growth. 

  * Liquidity Management Services – Allowing clients to optimise their excess liquidity, manage risk and minimise debt.

  * Platform and Data Services – Our award-winning banking platform, CitiDirect provides Treasurers with access to Citi’s global cash management and trade solutions suite.

  * Commercial Cards – With issuance capabilities in over 100 countries, Citi is a leading commercial card provider.

**Our Global Trade solutions network facilitates trade flows to enable growth
and progress for our clients, it consists of the below primary products:**

  * Working Capital Finance – offers global buyers and suppliers’ opportunities to help expand liquidity through Supplier Finance, Dynamic Discounting and other payment options.

  * Export Agency Financing – collaborating with export credit agencies to expand in higher risk markets and deliver short-term structured financing.

  * Trade Finance – includes Trade Loans to add value throughout transaction lifecycle.

  * Trade Services – offers traditional services such as Letters of Credit for exporters, importers and financial institutions. 

  * Commodity Trade Finance – supporting clients end-to-end commodity flows. 

If none of these terms make sense right now, that’s OK! Our summer analyst
program is designed to help you increase your knowledge and provide you with a
pan-TTS experience! So whatever your degree is in we will give you the
training and the support you need to succeed.

**_We’re committed to teaching you the ropes._**

The ten week summer analyst program starts in June and begins with an
introduction to Citi and TTS. You will then join a team where you will gain a
real-hands on experience by working on a number of live projects as well as
attending speaker presentations. High performing summer analysts will be
considered for a full time position in 2025 after graduation.

  
**_Your time here will look something like this..._**

  * Supporting the team in identifying and executing complex cash management structures to the world's largest corporates

  * Analysing transaction flows of the world's largest financial institutions

  * Be a part of the front end of technological development for the financial transaction space

  * Work and support more than 50 different geographies across the region to deliver the best solutions to our clients

** _We want to hear from you if..._**

  * You are due to graduate in 2026 

  * On course to achieve a 3.0 GPA out ot 4.0 (or equivalent) at undergraduate level in any degree discipline.

  * Keen interest in a career in financial services 

  
**_Who we think will be a great fit..._**

We’re looking for motivated individuals, who are eager to start their careers
at a global organization, tend to think globally, and have an innovative
outlook on business. We know that anyone, not just those with business degrees
can have a knack for business, so we’re open to all disciplines and candidates
with diverse work experience. We value diversity and so do you. We’ll also be
looking for the following:

  * Excellent interpersonal skills to deal internally and externally with clients.

  * Strong analytical and Presentation skills

  * Desire to develop a deep understanding of the financial industry

  * Intellectual curiosity and proactive approach to searching for new and creative ideas

  * Articulate, strong communication, planning, and organisational skills

  * You also have a strong desire to learn, are proactive and good at building rapport and relationships in team environments.

  * Unquestioned commitment to integrity ethical decision-making 

To find out more about TTS we recommend you visit this link
[here](https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/events-and-
presentations/services-investor-day), an Investor Day focusing on Services
business.

**We review applications on a rolling basis and therefore encourage you to
apply as soon as possible.**

\------------------------------------------------------

**Job Family Group:**

Product Management and Development

\------------------------------------------------------

**Job Family:**

Market Segments and Services

\------------------------------------------------------

**Time Type:**

Full time

\------------------------------------------------------

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested
applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a
disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or
apply for a career opportunity review **[Accessibility at
Citi](https://www.citigroup.com/citi/accessibility/application-
accessibility.htm)**.

View the "[**EEO is the
Law**](https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf)"
poster. View the [**EEO is the Law
Supplement**](https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf).

View the [**EEO Policy
Statement**](http://citi.com/citi/diversity/assets/pdf/eeo_aa_policy.pdf).

View the [**Pay Transparency
Posting**](https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-
transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf)

[Apply Now](https://citi.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/2/job/Dubai-United-Arab-
Emirates/XMLNAME-2025--Transaction-Banking--Summer-Intern--Summer-Internship--
Dubai--UAE--UAE-Nationals-Preferred-_24794175/apply)

  * ## Share

  * [Email (Opens in new tab)](mailto:?subject=2025%2C%20Transaction%20Banking%2C%20Summer%20Intern%2C%20Summer%20Internship%2C%20Dubai%2C%20UAE%20%28UAE%20Nationals%20Preferred%29&body=https%3a%2f%2fjobs.citi.com%2fjob%2f-%2f-%2f287%2f70952744224%3futm_source%3demail%26utm_medium%3dsocial_post%26utm_campaign%3dCITI_social%26source%3djb_indeedorganic)
  * [LinkedIn (Opens in new tab)](http://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https%3a%2f%2fjobs.citi.com%2fjob%2f-%2f-%2f287%2f70952744224%3futm_source%3dlinkedin.com%26utm_medium%3dsocial_post%26utm_campaign%3dCITI_social%26source%3djb_indeedorganic&title=2025%2c+Transaction+Banking%2c+Summer+Intern%2c+Summer+Internship%2c+Dubai%2c+UAE+\(UAE+Nationals+Preferred\))
  * [Facebook (Opens in new tab)](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3a%2f%2fjobs.citi.com%2fjob%2f-%2f-%2f287%2f70952744224%3futm_source%3dfacebook.com%26utm_medium%3dsocial_post%26utm_campaign%3dCITI_social%26source%3djb_indeedorganic)
  * [X (Opens in new tab)](https://x.com/intent/post?text=2025%2c+Transaction+Banking%2c+Summer+Intern%2c+Summer+Internship%2c+Dubai%2c+UAE+\(UAE+Nationals+Preferred\)&url=https://jobs.citi.com/job/-/-/287/70952744224?utm_source=twitter.com%26utm_medium=social_post%26utm_campaign=CITI_social%26source=jb_indeedorganic)

  * ![](https://tbcdn.talentbrew.com/company/287/v2_0/rc/job-matching-made-easy_435x287.jpg)

##  Job Matching Made Easy

All you need is your resume to get started and Citi’s resume matching feature
will help align your skills with available job opportunities at Citi.

[Upload Resume & Match Me >](https://citi.eightfold.ai/careers) Location Match
Info >

  * ![Related Content 2](//tbcdn.talentbrew.com/company/287/v2_0/img/related_content/dei-videoslider-3_1746x1092-1280x1280_1.jpeg)

### [Global Benefits](https://careers.citigroup.com/why-citi/global-
benefits.html)

We bring the best to our people. We put our employees first and provide the
best-in-class benefits they need to be well, live well and save well.

Learn More >

  * ![](//tbcdn.talentbrew.com/company/287/v2_0/img/related_content/programfinder.jpg)

### [Find a Program at Citi](/programfinder-old)

Launch your career with us. Where will a Citi early career internship or
program for students and graduates take you?

Learn More >

## Related Jobs

  * [Underwriter (UAE Applicants Only)](/job/dubai/underwriter-uae-applicants-only/287/69820936880) Dubai, Dubai

  * [UAE Consumer and Healthcare lead - UAE National Preferred](/job/dubai/uae-consumer-and-healthcare-lead-uae-national-preferred/287/63457190304) Dubai, Dubai

  * [Compliance Officer (UAE Nationals Only)](/job/dubai/compliance-officer-uae-nationals-only/287/71839776432) Dubai, Dubai

  * [2025, Transaction Banking, Full Time Graduate Analyst, Dubai, UAE (UAE Nationals preferred)](/job/dubai/2025-transaction-banking-full-time-graduate-analyst-dubai-uae-uae-nationals-preferred/287/70902428080) Dubai, Dubai

## Featured Career Areas

  * [![](https://tbcdn.talentbrew.com/company/287/v2_0/img/Citi-Technology-Icon-0F1632.png)Technology](/category/technology-jobs/287/19627/1)
  * [![](https://tbcdn.talentbrew.com/company/287/v2_0/img/Citi-Transformation-Icon-0F1632.png)Transformation](/category/transformation-jobs/287/8187792/1)
  * [![](https://tbcdn.talentbrew.com/company/287/v2_0/img/Citi-Finance-Icon-0F1632.png)Finance](/category/finance-jobs/287/19609/1)
  * [![](https://tbcdn.talentbrew.com/company/287/v2_0/img/Citi-Magnify-Icon-0F1632.png)Risk Management](/category/risk-management-jobs/287/19624/1)

## Saved Jobs

You have no saved jobs

## Previously Viewed Jobs

You have no viewed jobs

Our Resume Match feature is available for roles in:

  * Brazil
  * Canada
  * Colombia
  * Costa Rica
  * Germany
  * Hong Kong
  * Hungary
  * India

  * Ireland
  * Malaysia
  * Philippines
  * Poland
  * Puerto Rico
  * Singapore
  * United Kingdom
  * United States

For all other locations, please use our keyword search.

This site uses cookies.

We use cookies to collect data while you use this website. The cookies we
gather allow us to give you the very best experience. To learn more about how
we use cookie data, visit our [cookie
policy](https://careers.citigroup.com/cookies/).

Please Note: Essential cookies will continue to be used on our site, even if
you select "Reject Cookies", as essential cookies are required for our site to
perform its basic functions. Please select [Adjust Cookie Settings](/cookie-
management) for additional information on the types of cookies we use and/or
to tailor your selections. You can edit your preferences at any time by
selecting Cookie Preferences in the sites footer.

Accept CookiesReject CookiesManage Settings

