`{"themeOptions": {"customTheme": {"varTheme": {"button-primary-background-
color": "rgba(0, 0, 0, 0) linear-gradient(90deg, rgb(0, 255, 185) 0%, rgb(0,
230, 220) 100%) repeat scroll 0% 0% / auto padding-box border-box", "button-
primary-border-color": "#000028", "button-primary-text-color": "#000028",
"button-primary-border-width": "2px", "button-pill-shape-border-radius":
"4px", "button-primary-hover-background-color": "#00ffb9", "button-primary-
hover-text-color": "#000028"}}}, "domain": "siemens.com", "configPath":
"PCS>", "updatePath": "PCS>micrositeConfig>siemens.com>"}` ``

Skip to main
content[![Siemens](https://static.vscdn.net/images/careers/demo/siemens/1677768532::Siemens+Logo+2023)](https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/jobs.html)

#  Ready to create your own journey?

__All Jobs

 __

# IT Digitalization and Communication Intern- Dubai, UAE

Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Apply Now  1 item added

* * *

## Job Description

#### Job ID

444756

#### Company

Siemens Industrial LLC

#### Organization

Information Technology

#### Job Family

Internal Services

#### Experience Level

Recent College Graduate

#### Full Time / Part Time

Full-time

#### Contract Type

Fixed Term

* * *

**IT Digitalization and Communication Intern– UAE, Dubai**

**  
**

We empower our people to stay resilient and relevant in a constantly evolving
world. We’re looking for people who are always searching for creative ways to
grow and learn. People who want to make a real impact, now and in the future.
Does that sound like you? Then it seems like you’d make an outstanding
addition to our vibrant international team.

  

The Middle East provides a perfect place to learn, grow, seize opportunities,
manage change and challenges – and because of this, our region has a
consistent track record in providing global corporate and business leaders.

  

We work hand in hand with our regional business leadership to solve their most
pressing business issues and deliver world-leading capabilities in our people.
Intrigued?

  

Join us as an **IT Digitization and Communication Intern** for our Middle East
Team.

  

As an IT Digitalization and Communications Intern, you will get the
opportunity to work directly on digitalization initiatives e.g., Robotic
Process Automation (UiPath), Mobile apps, and multiple other technologies.

  

You will also work closely with IT Management to support communication and
collaboration within and outside the team. This opportunity can help you to
gain valuable insights to understand the IT strategy and trends and network
with IT teams around the globe.

  

**You‘ll make an impact by**

  * Possessing specialist knowledge of MS Office applications and software,

  * Managing internal team communication material and tools.

  * Collaborating with international teams to understand the local demands and challenges.

  * Development on low code applications around Robotics, Chat-Bots, Mobile Apps.

  * Support process improvement initiatives.

**Your success is grounded in**

  * Bachelor – or master’s degree student in computer science or related technical field 
  * You are a UAE Register student with a valid UAE Student or parent/spouse sponsored visa that is valid during the duration of the internship
  * Possessing specialist knowledge of MS Office applications and software. 
  * Analytical skills and ability to learn new technologies. 
  * Exceptional verbal and written communication skills 
  * Critical thinking skills 

**You’ll benefit from**

  * 2 to 3 days of mobile working per week as a global standard. 
  * Diverse and inclusive culture. 
  * An environment where everyone can bring their whole self and feel a sense of belonging. 
  * the foundation to develop personally and professionally. 
  * Extraordinary variety of learning & development opportunities 

**Create a better #TomorrowWithUs!**

  

We value your outstanding identity and perspective and are fully committed to
providing equitable opportunities and building a workplace that reflects the
diversity of society. Come bring your authentic self and create a better
tomorrow with us.

We celebrate the fact that our people are individuals and have different
preferences and needs. If we all thought the same, we would never think of
anything new! That’s why we recruit extraordinary minds from all walks of
life. We are committed to furthering our culture of diversity, equity and
inclusion. We encourage applications from a diverse talent pool and are happy
to give the opportunity to discuss flexibility and reasonable adjustment
requirements. Many of our teams are working optimally in a remote, virtual
adding to our ability to offer more flexibility on how you handle your time.

  

Please note: Only complete applications can be considered in the selection
process.

Get Matched

Upload your resume and see jobs that match your skills and experience

Upload Your Resume

Match Unknown

## Other Similar Jobs

Talent Acquisition Analytics Intern - Excellent Opportunity for Master’s
Students - Dubai, UAE

__Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Internal Services

Portfolio Consulting Professional - Dubai, UAE

__Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Sales

Internship - Logistics Administrator (m/f) Dubai/ UAE

__Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates

SCM-Procurement / Supply Chain Logistics

Senior Associate Digitalization and IT Audit

__Iselin, New Jersey, United States of America and 2 more

Assurance

Hybrid

Siemens Communications Intern – Learning and Growth Opportunity "6 months"

__Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Internal Services

Senior Management Consultant (w/m/d) Digital Transformation

__Berlin, Berlin, Germany and 1 more

Strategy

Hybrid

AutoCAD Draftsman @Siemens Mobility UAE

__Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Engineering

Culture and Development Manager – Siemens Middle East

__Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates

People & Organization

System Architect – Airport Baggage Handling Systems

__Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Engineering

[__](javascript:void\(0\))[__](javascript:void\(0\))[__](javascript:void\(0\))

## Recommended Videos for you

###  A workplace where you can be yourself | Culture@Siemens 

Ready to work in a place that celebrates your unique perspective? At Siemens,
we believe in embracing creativity, diversity, and inclusion and investi...

###  Women in Tech @Siemens

To all the tech women out there: It is time for a purpose-driven career where
you can revolutionize the tech industry with your innovative ideas and f...

###  Embrace a career with an impact @Siemens

Build the future you want to see by clicking here:
https://www.siemens.com/global/en/com... Working on meaningful projects,
developing professionally...

[__](javascript:void\(0\))[__](javascript:void\(0\))[__](javascript:void\(0\))

## You may also be interested in…

### [ About
us](/r?evt=article_click&ns=smartapply&domain=siemens.com&n=https%3A%2F%2Fnew.siemens.com%2Fglobal%2Fen%2Fcompany%2Fjobs.html)

### [ Frequently asked
questions](/r?evt=article_click&ns=smartapply&domain=siemens.com&n=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.siemens.com%2Fglobal%2Fen%2Fcompany%2Fjobs%2Ffaq.html)

[Powered by ![Powered by
Eightfold.ai](https://static.vscdn.net/images/eightfold_logo.png) eightfold.ai
#WhatsNextForYou](https://eightfold.ai "Visit Eightfold.ai homepage")

`{"domain": "siemens.com", "user": "Import siemens.com",
"isWillingToRelocate": false, "isUserAuthenticated": false,
"isUserETXCandidate": false, "isDomainETX": false, "isCareerPlannerEnabled":
false, "isMyApplicationsEnabled": false, "showVeteranEmployerSignUp": false,
"candidate": {"enc_id": 0, "fullname": "", "firstname": "", "lastname": "",
"skills": [], "email": "", "phone": "", "location": "", "filename": null,
"starred_positions": [], "resumeUrl": "", "onboardingCompleted": false,
"isUserInPcsIjp": false, "linkedinUrl": ""}, "branding": {"custom_html":
{"footer": "<div class=\"footer-container\">\n <div class=\"jibe-
container\">\n <!--div class=\"flex-row\">\n <img class=\"logo\"
src=\"https://assets.jibecdn.com/prod/siemensglobal/1.3.04/assets/logo.png\"/>\n
</div-->\n <div class=\"main-text\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html\"
class=\"emphasize\" target=\"_blank\"> Siemens Careers </a>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" token-data=\"FOOTER.US_DISABILITY_LINK\" token-type=\"text\"
href=\"https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability\">\n <span
class=\"emphasize\">US Only:</span> Review Accommodations for Disability\n
</a>\n \n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a href=\"https://www.siemens.com/jobs-
support\" target=\"_blank\">Contact Us</a></p>\n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html\"
target=\"_blank\">FAQS</a></p> </div>\n <div class=\"link-container social-
links\">\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"ef-twitter-x\" aria-
hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
linkedin\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"fab
fa-facebook\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\"
rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
instagram\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n </div>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \u00a9 Siemens AG, 1996 \u2013 2024\n </div>\n
<div class=\"link-container text-links\">\n \n\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Digital ID</a> <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/terms-of-use.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Terms</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html\" target=\"_blank\">Privacy Notice</a>\n <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/cookie-notice.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Cookie Policy</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html\" target=\"_blank\">Whistleblowing</a>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"disclaimer-row\">\n <p class=\"disclaimer\" token-
data=\"FOOTER.DISCLAIMER\" token-type=\"text\"><span>Important note:</span>
For all job applicants looking to join us, please note Siemens does not ask
for fees prior/during/after the application process. We do not ask for banking
details or personal financial information in return for the assurance of
employment. Similarly, please do not open documents in e-mails that appear to
be sent by a Siemens recruiter unless you are sure you are being contacted by
one of our professionals for an active application process.</p>\n </div>\n
</div>\n</div>", "header": ""}, "links": {"blogs": [{"url":
"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/company/jobs.html", "image":
"https://static.vscdn.net/images/careers/demo/siemens-
sandbox/1687954856::About+Us+New", "title": "About us"}, {"url":
"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/jobs/faq.html", "title":
"Frequently asked questions", "image":
"https://static.vscdn.net/images/careers/demo/siemens-
sandbox/1687528550::FAQs"}], "videos":
["https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyVRozRIAP0&list=PLw7lLwXw4H50T6UPFO2JPf23wQyimAzki&index=6",
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u24yQiz9WLc&list=PLw7lLwXw4H50T6UPFO2JPf23wQyimAzki&index=2",
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vnt57fL6GnA&list=PLw7lLwXw4H50T6UPFO2JPf23wQyimAzki&index=4"]},
"i18n_overrides_master": {"custom_html": {"es": {"postApplyText": "",
"html_footer": "<div class=\"footer-container\">\n <div class=\"jibe-
container\">\n <!--div class=\"flex-row\">\n <img class=\"logo\"
src=\"https://assets.jibecdn.com/prod/siemensglobal/1.3.04/assets/logo.png\"/>\n
</div-->\n <div class=\"main-text\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html\"
class=\"emphasize\" target=\"_blank\"> Siemens Careers </a>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" token-data=\"FOOTER.US_DISABILITY_LINK\" token-type=\"text\"
href=\"https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability\">\n <span
class=\"emphasize\">US Only:</span> Review Accommodations for Disability\n
</a>\n \n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a href=\"https://www.siemens.com/jobs-
support\" target=\"_blank\">Contact Us</a></p>\n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html\"
target=\"_blank\">FAQS</a></p> </div>\n <div class=\"link-container social-
links\">\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"ef-twitter-x\" aria-
hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
linkedin\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"fab
fa-facebook\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\"
rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
instagram\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n </div>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \u00a9 Siemens AG, 1996 \u2013 2024\n </div>\n
<div class=\"link-container text-links\">\n \n\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Digital ID</a> <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/terms-of-use.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Terms</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html\" target=\"_blank\">Privacy Notice</a>\n <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/cookie-notice.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Cookie Policy</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html\" target=\"_blank\">Whistleblowing</a>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"disclaimer-row\">\n <p class=\"disclaimer\" token-
data=\"FOOTER.DISCLAIMER\" token-type=\"text\"><span>Nota
importante:</span>Para todas las personas que quieran unirse a nosotros, por
favor, es importante tener en cuenta que Siemens no solicita honorarios antes
/ durante / despu\u00e9s del proceso de solicitud. No pedimos datos bancarios
o informaci\u00f3n financiera personal a cambio de una garant\u00eda de
empleo. De este modo, rogamos no abrir documentos en correos electr\u00f3nicos
que parezcan ser enviados por un/a recruiter de Siemens, a menos que haya
seguridad de que uno de nuestros profesionales contacta contigo para un
proceso de selecci\u00f3n activo. </p>\n </div>\n </div>\n</div>", "privacy":
"Al cargar tu CV, el Portal de Empleo mapear\u00e1 autom\u00e1ticamente tu CV
con puestos de trabajo abiertos y te proporcionar\u00e1 sugerencias. Por
favor, revisa nuestro Aviso de Privacidad para obtener m\u00e1s
informaci\u00f3n."}, "fr": {"postApplyText": "Merci de votre candidature !",
"html_footer": "<div class=\"footer-container\">\n <div class=\"jibe-
container\">\n <!--div class=\"flex-row\">\n <img class=\"logo\"
src=\"https://assets.jibecdn.com/prod/siemensglobal/1.3.04/assets/logo.png\"/>\n
</div-->\n <div class=\"main-text\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html\"
class=\"emphasize\" target=\"_blank\"> Siemens Careers </a>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" token-data=\"FOOTER.US_DISABILITY_LINK\" token-type=\"text\"
href=\"https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability\">\n <span
class=\"emphasize\">US Only:</span> Review Accommodations for Disability\n
</a>\n \n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a href=\"https://www.siemens.com/jobs-
support\" target=\"_blank\">Contact Us</a></p>\n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html\"
target=\"_blank\">FAQS</a></p>\n </div>\n <div class=\"link-container social-
links\">\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"ef-twitter-x\" aria-
hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
linkedin\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"fab
fa-facebook\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\"
rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
instagram\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n </div>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \u00a9 Siemens AG, 1996 \u2013 2024\n </div>\n
<div class=\"link-container text-links\">\n \n\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Digital ID</a> <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/terms-of-use.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Terms</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html\" target=\"_blank\">Privacy Notice</a>\n <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/cookie-notice.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Cookie Policy</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html\" target=\"_blank\">Whistleblowing</a>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"disclaimer-row\">\n <p class=\"disclaimer\" token-
data=\"FOOTER.DISCLAIMER\" token-type=\"text\"><span>Remarque
importante:</span> \u00e0 tous les candidats, veuillez noter que Siemens ne
demande aucun frais avant / pendant / apr\u00e8s le processus de recrutement.
En aucun cas, nous vous demanderons vos coordonn\u00e9es bancaires ou
informations financi\u00e8res personnelles en \u00e9change d'un emploi. De
m\u00eame, veuillez ne pas ouvrir de documents dans des e-mails qui semblent
avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 envoy\u00e9s par un recruteur Siemens, sauf si vous
\u00eates s\u00fbr(e) d'\u00eatre contact\u00e9(e) par l'un de nos
professionnels dans le cadre d\u2019un recrutement.</p>\n </div>\n
</div>\n</div>"}, "pt-br": {"postApplyText": "", "html_footer": "<div
class=\"footer-container\">\n <div class=\"jibe-container\">\n <!--div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <img class=\"logo\"
src=\"https://assets.jibecdn.com/prod/siemensglobal/1.3.04/assets/logo.png\"/>\n
</div-->\n <div class=\"main-text\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html\"
class=\"emphasize\" target=\"_blank\"> Siemens Careers </a>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" token-data=\"FOOTER.US_DISABILITY_LINK\" token-type=\"text\"
href=\"https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability\">\n <span
class=\"emphasize\">US Only:</span> Review Accommodations for Disability\n
</a>\n \n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a href=\"https://www.siemens.com/jobs-
support\" target=\"_blank\">Contact Us</a></p>\n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html\"
target=\"_blank\">FAQS</a></p> </div>\n <div class=\"link-container social-
links\">\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"ef-twitter-x\" aria-
hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
linkedin\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"fab
fa-facebook\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\"
rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
instagram\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n </div>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \u00a9 Siemens AG, 1996 \u2013 2024\n </div>\n
<div class=\"link-container text-links\">\n \n\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Digital ID</a> <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/terms-of-use.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Terms</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html\" target=\"_blank\">Privacy Notice</a>\n <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/cookie-notice.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Cookie Policy</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html\" target=\"_blank\">Whistleblowing</a>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"disclaimer-row\">\n <p class=\"disclaimer\" token-
data=\"FOOTER.DISCLAIMER\" token-type=\"text\"><span>Nota importante:</span>
Caso se queira juntar a n\u00f3s, por favor note que a Siemens n\u00e3o cobra
quaisquer taxas associadas ao processo de candidatura. N\u00e3o solicitamos
dados banc\u00e1rios ou financeiros pessoais como garantia de emprego. Do
mesmo modo, n\u00e3o abra documentos em e-mails aparentemente enviados por um
recrutador da Siemens caso n\u00e3o tenha a certeza de que est\u00e1 a ser
contatado por um dos nossos profissionais para um processo de candidatura
ativo.</p>\n </div>\n </div>\n</div>"}, "zh-cn": {"postApplyText": "",
"html_footer": "<div class=\"footer-container\">\n <div class=\"jibe-
container\">\n <!--div class=\"flex-row\">\n <img class=\"logo\"
src=\"https://assets.jibecdn.com/prod/siemensglobal/1.3.04/assets/logo.png\"/>\n
</div-->\n <div class=\"main-text\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html\"
class=\"emphasize\" target=\"_blank\"> Siemens Careers </a>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" token-data=\"FOOTER.US_DISABILITY_LINK\" token-type=\"text\"
href=\"https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability\">\n <span
class=\"emphasize\">US Only:</span> Review Accommodations for Disability\n
</a>\n \n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a href=\"https://www.siemens.com/jobs-
support\" target=\"_blank\">Contact Us</a></p>\n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html\"
target=\"_blank\">FAQS</a></p> </div>\n <div class=\"link-container social-
links\">\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"ef-twitter-x\" aria-
hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
linkedin\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"fab
fa-facebook\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\"
rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
instagram\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n </div>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \u00a9 Siemens AG, 1996 \u2013 2024\n </div>\n
<div class=\"link-container text-links\">\n \n\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Digital ID</a> <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/terms-of-use.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Terms</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html\" target=\"_blank\">Privacy Notice</a>\n <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/cookie-notice.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Cookie Policy</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html\" target=\"_blank\">Whistleblowing</a>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"disclaimer-row\">\n <p class=\"disclaimer\" token-
data=\"FOOTER.DISCLAIMER\" token-
type=\"text\"><span>\u91cd\u8981\u63d0\u793a:</span>
\u6240\u6709\u60f3\u52a0\u5165\u6211\u4eec\u7684\u6c42\u804c\u8005\u8bf7\u6ce8\u610f\uff0cSiemens
\u5728\u7533\u8bf7\u8fc7\u7a0b\u4e2d\u4e0d\u6536\u53d6\u4efb\u4f55\u8d39\u7528\u3002\u6211\u4eec\u4e0d\u4f1a\u56e0\u5c31\u4e1a\u4fdd\u8bc1\u800c\u8981\u6c42\u60a8\u63d0\u4f9b\u94f6\u884c\u8d44\u6599\u6216\u4e2a\u4eba\u8d22\u52a1\u8d44\u6599\u3002\u540c\u6837\uff0c\u9664\u975e\u60a8\u786e\u5b9a\u6211\u4eec\u7684\u62db\u8058\u987e\u95ee\u5728\u4e0e\u60a8\u6c9f\u901a\u6709\u6548\u7684\u804c\u4f4d\u7533\u8bf7\uff0c\u5426\u5219\u8bf7\u4e0d\u8981\u6253\u5f00\u770b\u8d77\u6765\u662f\u7531Siemens
\u62db\u8058\u4eba\u5458\u53d1\u9001\u7684\u7535\u5b50\u90ae\u4ef6\u4e2d\u7684\u6587\u4ef6\u3002</p>\n
</div>\n </div>\n</div>"}, "zh-tw": {"postApplyText": "", "html_footer": "<div
class=\"footer-container\">\n <div class=\"jibe-container\">\n <!--div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <img class=\"logo\"
src=\"https://assets.jibecdn.com/prod/siemensglobal/1.3.04/assets/logo.png\"/>\n
</div-->\n <div class=\"main-text\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html\"
class=\"emphasize\" target=\"_blank\"> Siemens Careers </a>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" token-data=\"FOOTER.US_DISABILITY_LINK\" token-type=\"text\"
href=\"https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability\">\n <span
class=\"emphasize\">US Only:</span> Review Accommodations for Disability\n
</a>\n \n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a href=\"https://www.siemens.com/jobs-
support\" target=\"_blank\">Contact Us</a></p>\n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html\"
target=\"_blank\">FAQS</a></p> </div>\n <div class=\"link-container social-
links\">\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"ef-twitter-x\" aria-
hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
linkedin\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"fab
fa-facebook\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\"
rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
instagram\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n </div>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \u00a9 Siemens AG, 1996 \u2013 2024\n </div>\n
<div class=\"link-container text-links\">\n \n\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Digital ID</a> <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/terms-of-use.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Terms</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html\" target=\"_blank\">Privacy Notice</a>\n <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/cookie-notice.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Cookie Policy</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html\" target=\"_blank\">Whistleblowing</a>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"disclaimer-row\">\n <p class=\"disclaimer\" token-
data=\"FOOTER.DISCLAIMER\" token-
type=\"text\"><span>\u91cd\u8981\u8aaa\u660e:</span>
\u5c0d\u65bc\u6240\u6709\u5e0c\u671b\u52a0\u5165\u6211\u5011\u7684\u6c42\u8077\u8005\uff0c\u8acb\u6ce8\u610f\uff0cSiemens
\u4e0d\u6703\u5728\u7533\u8acb\u6d41\u7a0b\u4e4b\u524d/\u4e4b\u4e2d/\u4e4b\u5f8c\u8981\u6c42\u6536\u8cbb\u3002\u6211\u5011\u4e0d\u6703\u6c42\u63d0\u4f9b\u9280\u884c\u8cc7\u8a0a\u6216\u500b\u4eba\u8ca1\u52d9\u8a0a\u606f\u4ee5\u63db\u53d6\u5c31\u696d\u4fdd\u8b49\u3002\u540c\u6a23\uff0c\u9664\u975e\u60a8\u78ba\u5b9a\u662f\u516c\u53f8\u7684\u5c08\u696d\u4eba\u54e1\u6b63\u5728\u8207\u60a8\u806f\u7e6b\u95dc\u65bc\u7533\u8acb\u6d41\u7a0b\u4e4b\u4e8b\u5b9c\uff0c\u5426\u5247\u8acb\u4e0d\u8981\u6253\u958b\u6709\u7591\u616e\u4e4bSiemens
\u62db\u52df\u4eba\u54e1\u767c\u9001\u7684\u96fb\u5b50\u90f5\u4ef6\u4e2d\u7684\u9644\u4ef6\u3002</p>\n
</div>\n </div>\n</div>"}, "ja": {"postApplyText": "", "html_footer": "<div
class=\"footer-container\">\n <div class=\"jibe-container\">\n <!--div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <img class=\"logo\"
src=\"https://assets.jibecdn.com/prod/siemensglobal/1.3.04/assets/logo.png\"/>\n
</div-->\n <div class=\"main-text\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html\"
class=\"emphasize\" target=\"_blank\"> Siemens Careers </a>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" token-data=\"FOOTER.US_DISABILITY_LINK\" token-type=\"text\"
href=\"https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability\">\n <span
class=\"emphasize\">US Only:</span> Review Accommodations for Disability\n
</a>\n \n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a href=\"https://www.siemens.com/jobs-
support\" target=\"_blank\">Contact Us</a></p>\n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html\"
target=\"_blank\">FAQS</a></p> </div>\n <div class=\"link-container social-
links\">\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"ef-twitter-x\" aria-
hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
linkedin\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"fab
fa-facebook\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\"
rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
instagram\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n </div>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \u00a9 Siemens AG, 1996 \u2013 2024\n </div>\n
<div class=\"link-container text-links\">\n \n\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Digital ID</a> <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/terms-of-use.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Terms</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html\" target=\"_blank\">Privacy Notice</a>\n <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/cookie-notice.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Cookie Policy</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html\" target=\"_blank\">Whistleblowing</a>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"disclaimer-row\">\n <p class=\"disclaimer\" token-
data=\"FOOTER.DISCLAIMER\" token-
type=\"text\"><span>\u91cd\u8981\u306a\u6ce8\u610f\u4e8b\u9805:</span> Siemens
\u304c\u5fdc\u52df\u30d7\u30ed\u30bb\u30b9\u306e\u524d/\u6700\u4e2d/\u5f8c\u306b\u6599\u91d1\u3092\u8acb\u6c42\u3059\u308b\u3053\u3068\u306f\u3042\u308a\u307e\u305b\u3093\u3002\u96c7\u7528\u306e\u4fdd\u8a3c\u3068\u5f15\u304d\u63db\u3048\u306b\u3001\u9280\u884c\u306e\u8a73\u7d30\u3084\u500b\u4eba\u306e\u8ca1\u52d9\u60c5\u5831\u3092\u8981\u6c42\u3059\u308b\u3053\u3068\u306f\u3042\u308a\u307e\u305b\u3093\u3002\u540c\u69d8\u306b\u3001\u63a1\u7528\u30d7\u30ed\u30bb\u30b9\u306b\u304a\u3044\u3066\u5f53\u793e\u304b\u3089\u9023\u7d61\u3092\u53d7\u3051\u3066\u3044\u308b\u3068\u3044\u3046\u3053\u3068\u304c\u78ba\u5b9f\u3067\u306a\u3044\u9650\u308a\u3001Siemens
\u306e\u63a1\u7528\u62c5\u5f53\u8005\u304b\u3089\u9001\u4fe1\u3055\u308c\u305f\u3088\u3046\u306b\u898b\u3048\u308b\u96fb\u5b50\u30e1\u30fc\u30eb\u306e\u30c9\u30ad\u30e5\u30e1\u30f3\u30c8\u3092\u958b\u304b\u306a\u3044\u3067\u304f\u3060\u3055\u3044\u3002</p>\n
</div>\n </div>\n</div>"}, "cs": {"postApplyText": "", "html_footer": "<div
class=\"footer-container\">\n <div class=\"jibe-container\">\n <!--div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <img class=\"logo\"
src=\"https://assets.jibecdn.com/prod/siemensglobal/1.3.04/assets/logo.png\"/>\n
</div-->\n <div class=\"main-text\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html\"
class=\"emphasize\" target=\"_blank\"> Siemens Careers </a>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" token-data=\"FOOTER.US_DISABILITY_LINK\" token-type=\"text\"
href=\"https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability\">\n <span
class=\"emphasize\">US Only:</span> Review Accommodations for Disability\n
</a>\n \n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a href=\"https://www.siemens.com/jobs-
support\" target=\"_blank\">Contact Us</a></p>\n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html\"
target=\"_blank\">FAQS</a></p> </div>\n <div class=\"link-container social-
links\">\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"ef-twitter-x\" aria-
hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
linkedin\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"fab
fa-facebook\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\"
rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
instagram\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n </div>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \u00a9 Siemens AG, 1996 \u2013 2024\n </div>\n
<div class=\"link-container text-links\">\n \n\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Digital ID</a> <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/terms-of-use.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Terms</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html\" target=\"_blank\">Privacy Notice</a>\n <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/cookie-notice.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Cookie Policy</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html\" target=\"_blank\">Whistleblowing</a>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"disclaimer-row\">\n <p class=\"disclaimer\" token-
data=\"FOOTER.DISCLAIMER\" token-type=\"text\"><span>D\u016fle\u017eit\u00e9
upozorn\u011bn\u00ed:</span> Upozor\u0148ujeme v\u0161echny z\u00e1jemce o
pr\u00e1ci u n\u00e1s, \u017ee Siemens v \u017e\u00e1dn\u00e9m
p\u0159\u00edpad\u011b nepo\u017eaduje poplatek p\u0159ed za\u010d\u00e1tkem,
v pr\u016fb\u011bhu, ani po ukon\u010den\u00ed v\u00fdb\u011brov\u00e9ho
\u0159\u00edzen\u00ed. Nikdy nepo\u017eadujeme bankovn\u00ed spojen\u00ed,
informace o va\u0161\u00ed osobn\u00ed finan\u010dn\u00ed situaci ani
podobn\u00e9 v\u00fdm\u011bnou za p\u0159\u00edslib zam\u011bstn\u00e1n\u00ed.
Stejn\u011b tak, pros\u00edm, neotv\u00edrejte dokumenty v e-mailech,
kter\u00e9 se tv\u00e1\u0159\u00ed, \u017ee jsou poslan\u00e9 ze Siemens,
pokud si nejste jisti, \u017ee jste kontaktov\u00e1ni na\u0161\u00edm
zam\u011bstnancem v pr\u016fb\u011bhu v\u00fdb\u011brov\u00e9ho
\u0159\u00edzen\u00ed, jeho\u017e se \u00fa\u010dastn\u00edte.</p>\n </div>\n
</div>\n</div>"}, "de": {"postApplyText": "", "html_footer": "<div
class=\"footer-container\">\n <div class=\"jibe-container\">\n <!--div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <img class=\"logo\"
src=\"https://assets.jibecdn.com/prod/siemensglobal/1.3.04/assets/logo.png\"/>\n
</div-->\n <div class=\"main-text\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html\"
class=\"emphasize\" target=\"_blank\"> Siemens Careers </a>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" token-data=\"FOOTER.US_DISABILITY_LINK\" token-type=\"text\"
href=\"https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability\">\n <span
class=\"emphasize\">US Only:</span> Review Accommodations for Disability\n
</a>\n \n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a href=\"https://www.siemens.com/jobs-
support\" target=\"_blank\">Kontakt</a></p>\n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html\"
target=\"_blank\">FAQS</a></p> </div>\n <div class=\"link-container social-
links\">\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"ef-twitter-x\" aria-
hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
linkedin\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"fab
fa-facebook\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\"
rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
instagram\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n </div>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \u00a9 Siemens AG, 1996 \u2013 2024\n </div>\n
<div class=\"link-container text-links\">\n \n\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Digital ID</a> <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/de/general/nutzungsbedingungen.html\"
target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\">Nutzungsbedingungen</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html\" target=\"_blank\">Datenschutzerkl\u00e4rung</a>\n <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/de/general/cookie-richtlinien.html\"
target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\">Cookie Richtlinien\n</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html\" target=\"_blank\">Whistleblowing</a>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"disclaimer-row\">\n <p class=\"disclaimer\" token-
data=\"FOOTER.DISCLAIMER\" token-type=\"text\"><span>Wichtiger Hinweis an alle
Bewerber:</span> Beachten Sie bitte, dass Siemens vor / w\u00e4hrend / nach
dem Bewerbungsprozess keine Geb\u00fchren verlangt. Wir fragen nicht nach
pers\u00f6nlichen Bankdaten oder Finanzinformationen als Gegenleistung
f\u00fcr eine Besch\u00e4ftigung. \u00d6ffnen Sie Dokumente in E-Mails nur
dann, wenn Sie von einem unserer HR-Experten von Siemens im Rahmen eines
aktiven Bewerbungsverfahrens kontaktiert werden.</p>\n </div>\n
</div>\n</div>"}, "en": {"postApplyText": "", "html_footer": "<div
class=\"footer-container\">\n <div class=\"jibe-container\">\n <!--div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <img class=\"logo\"
src=\"https://assets.jibecdn.com/prod/siemensglobal/1.3.04/assets/logo.png\"/>\n
</div-->\n <div class=\"main-text\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html\"
class=\"emphasize\" target=\"_blank\"> Siemens Careers </a>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" token-data=\"FOOTER.US_DISABILITY_LINK\" token-type=\"text\"
href=\"https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability\">\n <span
class=\"emphasize\">US Only:</span> Review Accommodations for Disability\n
</a>\n \n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a href=\"https://www.siemens.com/jobs-
support\" target=\"_blank\">Contact Us</a></p>\n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html\"
target=\"_blank\">FAQS</a></p> </div>\n <div class=\"link-container social-
links\">\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"ef-twitter-x\" aria-
hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
linkedin\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"fab
fa-facebook\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\"
rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
instagram\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n </div>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \u00a9 Siemens AG, 1996 \u2013 2024\n </div>\n
<div class=\"link-container text-links\">\n \n\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Digital ID</a> <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/terms-of-use.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Terms</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html\" target=\"_blank\">Privacy Notice</a>\n <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/cookie-notice.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Cookie Policy</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html\" target=\"_blank\">Whistleblowing</a>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"disclaimer-row\">\n <p class=\"disclaimer\" token-
data=\"FOOTER.DISCLAIMER\" token-type=\"text\"><span>Important note:</span>
For all job applicants looking to join us, please note Siemens does not ask
for fees prior/during/after the application process. We do not ask for banking
details or personal financial information in return for the assurance of
employment. Similarly, please do not open documents in e-mails that appear to
be sent by a Siemens recruiter unless you are sure you are being contacted by
one of our professionals for an active application process.</p>\n </div>\n
</div>\n</div>"}, "nl": {"postApplyText": "", "html_footer": "<div
class=\"footer-container\">\n <div class=\"jibe-container\">\n <!--div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <img class=\"logo\"
src=\"https://assets.jibecdn.com/prod/siemensglobal/1.3.04/assets/logo.png\"/>\n
</div-->\n <div class=\"main-text\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html\"
class=\"emphasize\" target=\"_blank\"> Siemens Careers </a>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" token-data=\"FOOTER.US_DISABILITY_LINK\" token-type=\"text\"
href=\"https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability\">\n <span
class=\"emphasize\">US Only:</span> Review Accommodations for Disability\n
</a>\n \n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a href=\"https://www.siemens.com/jobs-
support\" target=\"_blank\">Contact Us</a></p>\n <p class=\"emphasize\"><a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html\"
target=\"_blank\">FAQS</a></p> </div>\n <div class=\"link-container social-
links\">\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"ef-twitter-x\" aria-
hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
linkedin\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"noopener
noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers\"><i class=\"fab
fa-facebook\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n <a target=\"_blank\"
rel=\"noopener noreferrer\"
href=\"https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/\"><i class=\"fab fa-
instagram\" aria-hidden=\"true\"></i></a>\n </div>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"flex-row\">\n <div>\n \u00a9 Siemens AG, 1996 \u2013 2024\n </div>\n
<div class=\"link-container text-links\">\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Digital ID</a> <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/terms-of-use.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Terms</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html\" target=\"_blank\">Privacy Notice</a>\n <a
href=\"https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/cookie-notice.html\"
target=\"_blank\">Cookie Policy</a>\n <a
href=\"https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html\" target=\"_blank\">Whistleblowing</a>\n </div>\n </div>\n <div
class=\"disclaimer-row\">\n <p class=\"disclaimer\" token-
data=\"FOOTER.DISCLAIMER\" token-type=\"text\"><span>Let op:</span> Voor alle
kandidaten die bij ons solliciteren, geldt dat Siemens geen geld vraagt
voor/na de sollicitatieprocedure. Wij vragen geen bankgegevens of persoonlijke
financi\u00eble informatie in ruil voor de zekerheid van een baan. Open nooit
documenten in e-mails die door een Siemens recruiter lijken te zijn verzonden,
tenzij je er zeker van bent dat \u00e9\u00e9n van onze professionals contact
met je opneemt voor een actieve sollicitatieprocedure.</p>\n </div>\n
</div>\n</div>"}}}, "postApplyText": "Thanks for your application!",
"advancedSearchOptions": [{"visible": true, "key": "organization", "name":
"Organization"}, {"visible": true, "key": "skills", "name": "Top Demanded
Skills"}, {"visible": true, "key": "is_remote", "name": "Remote vs Office"},
{"visible": true, "key": "family", "name": "Job Family"}, {"visible": true,
"key": "level", "name": "Experience Level"}, {"visible": true, "key":
"fulltime_or_parttime", "name": "Full Time / Part Time"}, {"visible": true,
"key": "contract_type", "name": "Contract Type"}], "uploadResumeModal":
{"title": "Let's take the pressure off your job search", "subtitle":
"You\u2019ve done enough leg work in your career. Now it\u2019s time to let
your CV do the walking \u2013 and we mean really send it around the world. To
get started, just upload your file. Within seconds, you\u2019ll receive a list
of job openings relevant to your profile. Maybe one of them will be the
perfect fit!", "disclaimer": "You found the position of your dreams? Just make
sure to actually fill out the application! Our easy, time-saving job search
function can only take you so far \u2013 the rest is up to you.", "hideSkip":
true}, "applyButton": {"color": "White"}, "enableTalentNetwork": 0,
"showUploadResumeModal": 0, "homePageHeroBanner": {"useImage": 0, "opacity":
1, "hideInMobileView": false, "image":
"https://static.vscdn.net/images/careers/demo/siemens/1680611485::All+Others+Shadow+2023",
"title": "Ready to create your own journey?"}, "privacy": {"text": "Please
confirm you agree to the <a
href=https://talent.siemens.com/portal/60/docs/DPCS_English.pdf
target=\"_blank\">Data Protection Consent Statement</a> before uploading your
CV. This will create a temporary profile so we can match your resume to our
available jobs.", "button": "I agree", "title": "Data Privacy Agreement"},
"companyName": "Siemens", "hideJobCart": true, "navBar": {"opacity": 1,
"color": "#ffffff", "image":
"https://static.vscdn.net/images/careers/demo/siemens/1677768532::Siemens+Logo+2023",
"link": "https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/jobs.html", "background":
"#000028", "title": "Siemens"}, "custom_style": {"css": "@font-face {\n font-
family: 'siemens-sans-roman';\n src:
url('https://static.vscdn.net/images/careers/demo/siemens-
sandbox/SiemensSans_Prof_Roman.png') format('woff');\n font-weight: normal;\n
font-style: normal;\n}\nhtml
*:not(.fa):not(.far):not(.fas):not(.fal):not(.fab):not(.footable):not(.fooicon):not(.footable-
sort-indicator) {\n font-family: 'siemens-sans-roman'
!important;\n}\n.btn.btn-primary.get-matched-button{\n background: linear-
gradient(90deg, #00FFB9 0%, #00E6DC 100%)!important;\n border-radius :0px
!important;\n color: #000028!important\n}\n .btn.btn-primary.get-matched-
button:hover{\n background: #00FFB9!important;\n border:none!important;\n
color: #000028!important;\n}\n.go-button:hover{\n background-
color:#62EEC7!important;\n border:#00708C!important;\n color:
#000028!important;\n border: 1px solid #000028 !important;\n}\n .go-button{\n
background-color:#007993!important;\n border:#0098A6!important;\n color:
white!important;\n border-radius: 0px !important\n}\n .hero-image{\n
height:600px!important;\n}\n h1{\n color:
#333353!important;\n}\n.personalization-bar{\n background-
color:#000028!important\n}\n.position-count-message{\n color:#000028
!important\n}\n.dropdown-title{\n color:white!important;\n}\n.advanced-
options-button {\n color: #007993 !important;\n}\n.btn.position-apply-
button{\n background-color: #00FFB9!important;\n border-radius: 0px
!important;\n border: 1px solid #000028 !important;\n}\n.btn.position-apply-
button:hover{\n background-color: #62EEC7!important\n}\n.btn.btn-
secondary.upload-resume-button{\n color:#008AA6!important;\n border-color:
#008AA6!important;\n text-transform:inherit!important\n}\n.btn.btn-
secondary.upload-resume-button:hover{\n background-
color:rgba(0,204,204,0.12)!important\n}\n.pillContainer{\n color:
#008AA6!important;\n}\n.pillContainer:hover{\n background-
color:rgba(0,204,204,0.12)!important;\n color:
#008AA6!important\n}\n.position-title.line-clamp.line-clamp-2{\n color:
#333353!important;\n text-indent: 0px !important; \n}\n.position-facets
.pillTitle{\n color:#008AA6!important\n}\n .position-facets h3 {\n text-
transform:inherit!important\n}\n.btn.btn-sm.btn-secondary.show-more-
positions{\n color:#008AA6!important;\n border-color:
#008AA6!important\n}\n.btn.btn-sm.btn-secondary.show-more-positions:hover{\n
background-color:rgba(0,204,204,0.12)!important;\n}\n .fa-share{\n
color:#0098A6!important;\n font-size:30px!important;\n}\n .nav-item a{\n
color: #fff !important;\n}\n .refer .user-name{\n color: #fff
!important;\n}\n.header-wrapper{\n background:linear-gradient(131.75deg,
#00FEB7 6.46%, rgba(0, 230, 220, 0) 60.3%), #00E6DC;\n}\n.page-footer{\n
position: static !important;\n background: #ebebeb !important;}\n #ot-pc-
title{\n font-size:20px!important;\n}\n#ot-category-title{\n font-
size:20px!important;\n}\n#onetrust-consent-sdk #onetrust-pc-sdk .ot-accordion-
layout.ot-cat-item .ot-cat-header{\n font-size: 18px!important;\n font-
weight:400px!important;\n margin-bottom: 0px!important;\n}\n#onetrust-consent-
sdk #onetrust-pc-sdk *:focus{\n outline: 1px solid
#00000!important;\n}\n#onetrust-policy-title{\n font-size:
20px!important;\n}\n.build-profile{\n font-weight:bold!important;\n text-
decoration:underline!important;\n}\n.upload-resume-modal{\n background-
color:#F3F3F0!important\n}\n .resume-build-profile-div{\n font-
weight:bold!important;\n}\n.upload-resume-modal .dropzone-container .fal{\n
color:#000028!important;\n}\n.upload-resume-title{\n
color:#000028!important\n}\n.dropzone-container .resume-build-profile-div{\n
color:#000028!important\n}\n.upload-resume-modal a{\n
color:#000028!important;\n}\n.upload-resume-modal .dropzone-container
h3,upload-resume-modal.dropzone.drop-resume-text{\n text-
transform:inherit!important\n}\n.file-type,.or-separator{\n
color:#000028!important\n}\n/* FOOTER CSS */\n .footer-container{\n
background: #ebebeb;\n padding: 25px;\n color: #697882;\n}\n .jibe-container
{\n margin-left:auto;\n margin-right:auto\n}\n\n .footer-container
.disclaimer-row .disclaimer span, .footer-container .emphasize {\n font-
weight: 600;\n}\n .footer-container a {\n color: #697882;\n}\n .footer-
container .main-text>a {\n display: block;\n width: -webkit-fit-content;\n
width: fit-content;\n margin-bottom: 15px;\n}\n .flex-row {\n -webkit-justify-
content: space-between;\n -webkit-flex-wrap:wrap;\n display: flex;\n}\n
.footer-container .link-container a:not(:last-child) {\n margin-right:
20px;\n}\n .footer-container .disclaimer-row {\n margin-top: 16px;\n}\n
.footer-container .disclaimer-row .disclaimer {\n font-size: 14px;\n width:
100%;\n}\n .footer-container .main-text i {\n color: #3d9aa1;\n font-size:
32px;\n}\n .footer-container .main-text {\n margin-bottom: 23px;\n}\n .footer-
container .disclaimer-row .disclaimer span, .footer-container .emphasize {\n
font-weight: 600;\n}\n .add-to-job-cart-button {\n background: white
!important;\n border: 1px solid #005F98 !important;\n color: white
!important;\n}\n @import
url('https://static.vscdn.net/images/careers/demo/siemens-
sandbox/1650891122::font-awesome.min.css') \n/* FAQS */\n .container {\n
width: inherit !important ;\n text-align: center !important;\n}\n .faq {\n
box-shadow: inset 0 0 0 0 #54b3d6;\n color: #000000;\n margin: 0 -.25rem;\n
padding: 0 .25rem;\n transition: color .3s ease-in-out, box-shadow .3s ease-
in-out;\n font-size: 50px;\n}\n.faq:hover {\n box-shadow: inset 200px 0 0 0
#000000;\n color: white;\n}\n .search-results-main-container .position-cards-
container .card-selected {\n border-left: 8px solid #007993;\n}\n.redesigned-
nux .personalization-bar {\n background-color: #FFFFFF !important;\n color:
#364759;\n}\n .redesigned-nux .fa-angle-up, .redesigned-nux .fa-angle-down {\n
color: #000028 !important;\n}\n .redesigned-nux .signup-description .btn {\n
background-color: #00FFB9 !important;\n}\n .navbar img {\n height: 20px
!important;\n width: 120px !important\n}\n.position-sub-title {\n text-
transform:inherit!important\n}\n.upload-resume-modal .dropzone-container .btn
.btn-secondary .browse-button{\n text-transform:inherit!important\n}\n.job-
insights-sub-title .get-matched-sub-title{\n text-
transform:inherit!important\n}\na.btn.btn-secondary.browse-button {\n text-
transform:inherit!important\n}\n .go-button{\n background-color: #00FFB9
!important;\n color: #000028 !important;\n border: 1px solid #000028
!important;\n padding: 0px;\n line-height: 32px;\n padding: 0px 10px;\n
transition: all 1s ease;\n}\n .btn.position-apply-button{\n background-color:
#00FFB9 !important;\n}\n .position-apply-button{\n color: #000028
!important;\n}\n .btn.btn-secondary.browse-button{\n background-color:
#007993!important;\n color: #FFFFFF !important;\n border: #007993
!important;\n border-radius: 0px !important;\n}\n.btn.btn-secondary.browse-
button:hover {\n background-color: #005159!important;\n color:
white!important;\n}\n .position-full-card .position-title {\n text-align:
left;\n }\n h1.position-title {\n margin-left: 30px;\n} \n p.position-
location.line-clamp.line-clamp-2.body-text-2.p-up-margin {\n text-indent: 0px
!important;\n}\n .position-full-card .position-location {\n text-align:
left;\n text-indent:30px;\n}\n .position-sub-title, .custom-content-title {\n
text-align: left;\n}\n .match-bar {\n display: none;\n}\n .position-full-card
.row:nth-child(4) .col-md-12 {\n text-align:left
!important;\n}\n.btn.position-apply-button {\n margin-left:31px;\n}\n
.position-apply-button {\n font-weight: 600;\n}\n .go-button{\n font-weight:
600\n}\n .custom-jd-container .custom-jd-field {\n width:33%;\n margin-
bottom:20px;\n}\n#pcs-body-container.redesigned-nux .collapse .signup-
description .btn {\n color: #000028 !important;\n}\n .question-label-asterisk
{\n color: red !important;\n}\n .hero-image{\n height: 288px !important;\n
position:relative !important;\n background-repeat:no-repeat !important;\n
background-position:75% bottom !important;\n background-size:auto calc(100% -
79px) !important;\n}\n/*.hero-image:before { Creates the gradient background
\n content:\"\";\n position:absolute; top:0; right:0; bottom:0; left:0;
z-index:-1;\n background:linear-gradient(131.75deg, #00FEB7 6.46%, rgba(0,
230, 220, 0) 60.3%), #00E6DC;\n }*/\n .jumbotron > h1{\n text-align: left
!important;\n color: #000028 !important;\n font-size: 48 !important;\n
padding-left: 10px !important;\n width: 30% !important;\n}\n .hero-image
.jumbotron h1 {\n margin:0;\n font-weight:800;\n \n}\n .hero-image .jumbotron
{\n left:36px;\n}\n .hero-image .jumbotron h1 {\n padding-left:24px
!important;\n}\n .apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1 {\n margin:0;\n font-
weight:800;\n}\n .apply .hero-image .jumbotron {\n left:16px;\n width:calc(
100% - 16px );\n}\n .apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1 {\n width:100%;\n
margin:0 !important;\n padding-left:16px !important;\n bottom:0;\n}\n\n.apply
.hero-image .jumbotron h1, .single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron h1{\n
display:none;\n}\n\n#page-wrapper #survey-container .button-row .next-
button{\n background-color: #00FFB9 !important;\n border:none!important;\n
color: #000028!important;\n}\n\n.match-bar {\n display:none;\n}\n\n.apply
.hero-image .jumbotron h1,.single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron h1{\n
margin:0;\n font-weight:800\n}\n.apply .hero-image .jumbotron,.single-page-
mode .hero-image .jumbotron{\n left:24px;\n width:calc((100% - 24px) -
6px)\n}\n.apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1,.single-page-mode .hero-image
.jumbotron h1{\n width:100%!important;\n margin:0!important;\n padding-
left:16px!important;\n bottom:0\n}\n\n @media (min-width: 576px) {\n /* .hero-
image {\n background-position:calc( calc( calc( 100vw - 576px) / 2 ) + calc(
576px * 0.6 ) ) bottom;\n }*/\n .apply .hero-image .jumbotron {\n left:36px;\n
width:calc( 100% - 36px );\n }\n .apply .hero-image .jumbotron,.single-page-
mode .hero-image .jumbotron{\n top:135px\n }\n .apply .hero-image .jumbotron
h1, .single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron h1{\n display:block;\n }\n .apply
.hero-image .jumbotron h1,.single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron h1{\n
width:50vw !important\n }\n}\n@media (min-width: 768px){\n /* .hero-image {\n
background-position:calc( calc( calc( 100vw - 768px) / 2 ) + calc( 768px * 0.6
) ) bottom;\n }*/\n .apply .hero-image .jumbotron,.single-page-mode .hero-
image .jumbotron{\n left:36px;\n width:calc((100% - 36px) - 6px)\n }\n
.single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron{\n left:50%;\n margin-left:-343px\n
}\n}\n@media (min-width: 889px){\n /*.hero-image {\n background-position:calc(
calc( calc( 100vw - 889px) / 2 ) + calc( 889px * 0.6 ) ) bottom;\n }*/\n \n
.search-bar .search-container .go-button {\n color: #007993;\n }\n #pcs-body-
container.redesigned-nux .personalization-bar .message-container .message-top-
container, #pcs-body-container.redesigned-nux .personalization-bar .message-
container .position-count-message, .mobile-map-search.redesigned-nux
.personalization-bar .message-container .message-top-container, .mobile-map-
search.redesigned-nux .personalization-bar .message-container .position-count-
message {\n color: #364759;\n }\n}\n\n\n @media (min-width: 992px) {\n
/*.hero-image {\n background-position:calc( calc( calc( 100vw - 992px) / 2 ) +
calc( 992px * 0.6 ) ) bottom;\n }*/\n .apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1 {\n
width:450px;\n }\n .position-details:has(.insights-bg *) .position-job-
description-column {\n width:66.66666667%;\n }\n .position-
details:has(.insights-bg *) .match-and-insights-column {\n display:block;\n
}\n .position-details .position-job-description-column {\n width:100%;\n }\n
.position-details .match-and-insights-column {\n display:none;\n }\n .apply
.hero-image .jumbotron h1,.single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron h1{\n
width:450px!important\n }\n .apply .hero-image .jumbotron,.single-page-mode
.hero-image .jumbotron{\n top:125px\n }\n .single-page-mode .hero-image
.jumbotron{\n left:50%;\n margin-left:-454px\n }\n #EFSmartApplyContainer {\n
overflow: visible !important;\n }\n\n}\n\n@media (min-width: 1200px){\n /*
.hero-image {\n background-position:calc( calc( calc( 100vw - 1200px) / 2 ) +
calc( 1200px * 0.6 ) ) bottom;\n }*/\n .single-page-mode .hero-image
.jumbotron{\n left:50%;\n margin-left:-554px\n }\n .jibe-container {\n width:
1170px;\n }\n}\n\n\n @media (min-width: 1400px) {\n .hero-image {\n
background-position:calc( calc( calc( 100vw - 1400px) / 2 ) + calc( 1400px *
0.6 ) ) bottom !important;\n }\n .apply .hero-image .jumbotron {\n left:50%;\n
margin-left:-705px;\n }\n}\n .related-blog .blog-image{background-position:
center!important;}\n .social-links .ef-twitter-x { background: #3d9aa1
!important; width: 20px !important; height: 20px !important; margin-top: -12px
!important; background-repeat: no-repeat;}\n#career-workflow .browse-button{\n
background-color:#007993!important\n}\nbutton.btn.btn.btn-primary {\n
background-color: #00FFB9 !important;\n border-radius: 0px !important;\n
border: 1px solid #000028 !important;\n color: #000028
!important;\n}\nbutton.btn.btn.btn-primary:hover {\n background-color: #62EEC7
!important;\n}"}, "applySuccessMessage": "Thanks for your application!",
"talentNetworkBranding": {"custom_html": {"header": "", "footer": ""}},
"talentNetworkHeroBanner": {"useImage": 1, "opacity": 1},
"custom_head_scripts": {"HOME_PAGE_LOAD": "<script>const
allowedDomains=['jobs.siemens.com','jobs.siemens-healthineers.com','jobs-
disw.siemens.com','jobs-
next47.siemens'];if(allowedDomains.includes(window.location.hostname)){console.log(\"ItWorks\");window.ste_statistic=window.ste_statistic||[];window.ste_statistic.push({action:\"page.ready\",data:{page:{path:\"/careers\",country:\"ww\",language:\"en\",title:\"Dashboard\",template:\"jobs-
search-results-
page\"},user:{loginStatus:\"logged_out\"},job:{id:window.PCS_PARAMS.ATS_JOB_ID||\"\"}}});}</script>",
"SINGLE_POSITION_PAGE_LOAD": "<script>const
allowedDomains=['jobs.siemens.com','jobs.siemens-healthineers.com','jobs-
disw.siemens.com','jobs-
next47.siemens'];if(allowedDomains.includes(window.location.hostname)){console.log('in
single position
view');window.ste_statistic=window.ste_statistic||[];window.ste_statistic.push({action:\"page.ready\",data:{page:{path:\"/careers\",country:\"ww\",language:\"en\",title:\"Single
position view\",template:\"jobs-search-results-
page\"},user:{loginStatus:\"logged_out\"},job:{id:window.PCS_PARAMS.ATS_JOB_ID||\"\"}}});}</script>",
"APPLY_FORM_PAGE_LOAD": "<script>const
allowedDomains=['jobs.siemens.com','jobs.siemens-healthineers.com','jobs-
disw.siemens.com','jobs-
next47.siemens'];if(allowedDomains.includes(window.location.hostname)){window.ste_statistic=window.ste_statistic||[];window.ste_statistic.push({action:\"job.applicationStart\",data:{job:{id:window.PCS_PARAMS.ATS_JOB_ID||\"\"}}});}</script>",
"SUCCESS_FORM_PAGE_LOAD": "<script>const
allowedDomains=['jobs.siemens.com','jobs.siemens-healthineers.com','jobs-
disw.siemens.com','jobs-
next47.siemens'];if(allowedDomains.includes(window.location.hostname)){window.ste_statistic=window.ste_statistic||[];window.ste_statistic.push({action:\"job.applicationSent\",data:{job:{id:window.PCS_PARAMS.ATS_JOB_ID||\"\"}}});}</script>",
"JOIN_TALENT_NETWORK_PAGE_LOAD": ""}, "position_click_scripts": ["const
allowedDomains=['jobs.siemens.com','jobs.siemens-healthineers.com','jobs-
disw.siemens.com','jobs-
next47.siemens'];if(allowedDomains.includes(window.location.hostname)){window.ste_statistic
= window.ste_statistic || [];}", "const
allowedDomains=['jobs.siemens.com','jobs.siemens-healthineers.com','jobs-
disw.siemens.com'];if(allowedDomains.includes(window.location.hostname)){window.ste_statistic.push({action:
\"job.view\",data: {page: {path: \"/careers\", country: \"ww\", language:
\"en\", title: \"Position view\", template: \"jobs-search-results-page\"},job:
{id: window.PCS_PARAMS.ATS_JOB_ID}}})};"], "position_search_scripts": ["const
allowedDomains=['jobs.siemens.com','jobs.siemens-healthineers.com','jobs-
disw.siemens.com','jobs-next47.siemens','jobs-
next47.siemens'];if(allowedDomains.includes(window.location.hostname)){window.ste_statistic
= window.ste_statistic || [];}", "const
allowedDomains=['jobs.siemens.com','jobs.siemens-healthineers.com','jobs-
disw.siemens.com'];if(allowedDomains.includes(window.location.hostname)){window.ste_statistic.push({action:
\"search.search\",data: {search: {term: window.PCS_PARAMS.query,source: \"Jobs
Search\",filters: [{name: \"Location\",values:
window.PCS_PARAMS.location},{name: \"Job Family\", values:
window.PCS_PARAMS.family},{name: \"Skills\",values:
window.PCS_PARAMS.skill},{name: \"Organizations\",values:
window.PCS_PARAMS.organization},{name: \"Contract Type\",values:
window.PCS_PARAMS.contract_type},{name: \"Experience Level\",values:
window.PCS_PARAMS.level},{name: \"Full-Time or Part-Time\",values:
window.PCS_PARAMS.fulltime_or_parttime},{name: \"Remote vs Office\",values:
window.PCS_PARAMS.is_remote}]},job: {id: window.PCS_PARAMS.ATS_JOB_ID}}});}"],
"defaultState": {"pymww": false}, "redesignedNuxConfig": {"fadeScrollOffset":
{"desktop": 800, "mobile": 280}, "enabled": true, "autoOpen": true,
"showFade": true}, "hideFilters": false, "page_image":
"https://static.vscdn.net/images/careers/demo/siemens/1687185977::AllOthers.png",
"page_title": "Jobs at Siemens", "searchBar": {"searchBarPlaceholderText":
"Job title, keyword or company"}, "page_description": "Discover exciting job
opportunities at Siemens. Explore a diverse range of positions on our job
portal, from entry-level to executive roles. Join our team",
"max_applications_apply": 10, "recaptcha_enabled": 0,
"showLoggedOutNotificationsPrivacyPolicy": false, "hideEightfoldBranding":
false}, "pid": "563156121837653", "positions": [{"id": 563156121837653,
"name": "IT Digitalization and Communication Intern- Dubai, UAE", "location":
"Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates", "locations": ["Dubai, Dubai, United Arab
Emirates"], "hot": 0, "department": "Internal Services", "business_unit":
"Information Technology", "t_update": 1736061298, "t_create": 1732016309,
"ats_job_id": "444756", "display_job_id": "444756", "type": "ATS",
"id_locale": "444756-en", "job_description": "", "locale": "en", "stars": 0.0,
"medallionProgram": null, "location_flexibility": "not_flexible",
"work_location_option": "onsite", "canonicalPositionUrl":
"https://jobs.siemens.com/careers/job/563156121837653", "isPrivate": true}],
"isFallback": false, "debug": {}, "count": 1, "personal_message": "We thought
you would be interested in this position.", "scheduling": {"minTime": 9,
"limit": 10, "maxTime": 17, "increments": 60, "minTimeslots": 3},
"userTitles": [], "enableTargetedResume": 0, "query": {"query": "",
"location": "", "department": [], "skill": [], "seniority": [], "pid":
"563156121837653"}, "singleview": true, "see_all_jobs": true,
"recommended_star_threshold": 4, "chatbot": false, "iframeImplementation":
null, "pcsApplyFormV2Enabled": false, "isPcsBrandingApril2023Enabled": false,
"allowedFileTypes": {"resume": {"acceptedFileTypes": [".doc", ".docx", ".pdf",
".rtf"], "fileTypesText": ".doc, .docx, .pdf or .rtf"}},
"pcsTextConfiguration": {}, "hideDepartment": null,
"pcsOctupleMigration0Enabled": true, "pcsOctupleMigration1Enabled": false,
"replaceUrlOnGoBack": true, "pcsRedesignedNuxEnabled": true,
"readmoreInstructionEnabled": false, "userActivityTimeout": 43200000,
"userActivityTimeoutEnabled": 1, "isLoggedInPcsEnabled": true, "sortByConfig":
null, "searchBoxConfig": {}, "excludePrivatePositions": false,
"eeocFilterKeywords": ["veteran", "disability", "gender", "race", "citizen",
"visa", "ethnicity"], "disableScrollLoadPositionSidebar": true,
"locationFlexibilityFrontendEnabled": true,
"workLocationOptionFrontendEnabled": true, "remoteFlexibleJobsFilterEnabled":
true, "loggedOutNotificationsEnabled": false, "candidateLogin":
{"postApplyReviewLink": {"enabled": true, "url":
"/api/apply/v2/profile/review/initialize_user?domain=siemens.com", "title":
"What's next? Increase your chances of getting hired!", "message": "Knowing
more about you helps us review your application faster. Enrich your profile by
adding more skills, awards, and other recognition.", "buttonText": "Review my
profile", "verifyEmailTitle": "Let's verify your email", "verifyEmailText":
"Click the link in the email to continue reviewing your profile. If you do not
immediately see the email, check your spam folder."}, "postLoginLink":
{"enabled": true, "message": "Candidate Login", "url":
"/careerhub/me?action=edit&profile_type=candidate&domain=siemens.com&customredirect=1&utm_source=Eightfold"},
"trackApplicationLink": {"enabled": true, "message": "Track Application
Status", "url":
"/careerhub?profile_type=candidate&domain=siemens.com&customredirect=1&utm_source=Eightfold"}},
"prepopulateApplyFormEnabled": true, "prepopulateSettings":
{"doNotPrepopulateQuestionIds": ["Predefined24", "Predefined96",
"Predefined27", "Predefined28", "Predefined89", "Predefined72",
"Predefined30", "Predefined38_BR", "Predefined136", "Predefined137",
"Predefined138", "Predefined139", "Predefined140", "Predefined142",
"Predefined57", "Predefined58", "Predefined52", "Predefined38_IT",
"Predefined38_ZA", "Predefined38_KR", "Predefined67", "Predefined112",
"Predefined113", "Predefined114", "Predefined63", "Predefined65",
"Predefined38_GB", "Predefined67", "Predefined95", "Predefined120",
"Predefined122", "Predefined123", "Predefined124", "Predefined125",
"Predefined127", "Predefined128", "Predefined129", "Predefined130",
"Predefined131", "Predefined141", "Predefinedxxxxx", "Predefinedxxxxx1",
"Predefinedxyzx1", "Predefined152", "Predefined24_Canada",
"Predefined24_CON"], "prepopulateCheckboxText": "Save my answers for future
applications", "showPrepopulateCheckbox": false}, "candidateBuildProfile":
{"enabled": true, "message": "Build your resume", "url":
"/careerhub/me?action=edit&profile_type=candidate&domain=siemens.com&hl=en&sourceType=PREMIUM_POST_SITE&customredirect=1"},
"enhancementsEnabled": false, "themeBuilderUser": null, "mandatoryFields":
["firstname", "lastname", "email", "phone"], "blindfoldWidgetPcsGate": false,
"pcsApplyFormLocationGate": false, "t3sEnabled": false,
"uploadApplicationAnswers": false, "candidateAuthV2Enabled": true,
"preApplicationSubmitAuthEnabled": false, "applyFormV2Enabled": false,
"loggedOutSavedSearchEnabled": false, "locationRadiusTypeToggleEnabled": true,
"incompleteApplicationsEnabled": false, "incompleteApplicationConfig": {},
"fallbackPcsJdGate": false, "enableResumeCoach": false, "isPcsEnabled": true,
"applicationInfoReviewEnabled": false, "phoneWithCountryCodeEnabled": true,
"phoneWithCountryCodeJTNEnabled": false,
"notificationSuggestVerificationToken": null, "cookiesAutoDisabled": false,
"strictEmailValidationEnabled": true, "chatbotxConfig": {"enabled": false,
"featureAccessFlags": {"resumeCoachCardFlags": {"showApplyWithResume": true,
"showEditResume": true}, "positionCardFlags": {"showAddToJobCart": false}}},
"pcsOptionalResumeWithJobcartGate": false, "loggedInCandidate": {},
"hamburgerMenuEnabled": false, "sharedTalentPoolGate": false,
"pcsAccessibilityHomeEnabled": false, "pcsAccessibilityApplyFormEnabled":
false, "showLanguageDropdown": true, "languages": [{"value": "en", "title":
"English"}, {"value": "ja", "title": "\u65e5\u672c\u8a9e"}, {"value": "cs",
"title": "\u010ce\u0161tina"}, {"value": "es", "title": "Espa\u00f1ol"},
{"value": "de", "title": "Deutsch"}, {"value": "fr", "title":
"Fran\u00e7ais"}, {"value": "pt-BR", "title": "Portugu\u00eas"}, {"value":
"nl", "title": "Nederlands"}, {"value": "zh-TW", "title": "\u4e2d\u6587
(\u7e41\u9ad4)"}, {"value": "zh-CN", "title": "\u4e2d\u6587 (\u7b80\u4f53)"}],
"displayLanguage": "en", "installed_app_data": [],
"singlePageCareersNavbarGate": false, "customJobDescTranslationSkipList": []}`
`{"display_banner": false, "display_text": ""}`

[ Siemens Careers ](https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs.html)

[ US Only: Review Accommodations for Disability
](https://usa.siemens.com/accommodation-for-disability)

[Contact Us](https://www.siemens.com/jobs-support)

[FAQS](https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/company/jobs/faq.html)

[__](https://twitter.com/SiemensCareers)[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/siemens/)[__](https://www.facebook.com/SiemensCareers)[__](https://www.instagram.com/siemenscareers/)

© Siemens AG, 1996 – 2024

[Digital ID](https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/digital-id.html)
[Terms](https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/terms-of-use.html) [Privacy
Notice](https://www.siemens.com/global/en/general/talent-management/privacy-
notice.html) [Cookie Policy](https://new.siemens.com/global/en/general/cookie-
notice.html)
[Whistleblowing](https://www.siemens.com/global/en/company/about/compliance/reporting-
channels.html)

Important note: For all job applicants looking to join us, please note Siemens
does not ask for fees prior/during/after the application process. We do not
ask for banking details or personal financial information in return for the
assurance of employment. Similarly, please do not open documents in e-mails
that appear to be sent by a Siemens recruiter unless you are sure you are
being contacted by one of our professionals for an active application process.

` @font-face { font-family: 'siemens-sans-roman'; src:
url('https://static.vscdn.net/images/careers/demo/siemens-
sandbox/SiemensSans_Prof_Roman.png') format('woff'); font-weight: normal;
font-style: normal; } html
*:not(.fa):not(.far):not(.fas):not(.fal):not(.fab):not(.footable):not(.fooicon):not(.footable-
sort-indicator) { font-family: 'siemens-sans-roman' !important; } .btn.btn-
primary.get-matched-button{ background: linear-gradient(90deg, #00FFB9 0%,
#00E6DC 100%)!important; border-radius :0px !important; color:
#000028!important } .btn.btn-primary.get-matched-button:hover{ background:
#00FFB9!important; border:none!important; color: #000028!important; } .go-
button:hover{ background-color:#62EEC7!important; border:#00708C!important;
color: #000028!important; border: 1px solid #000028 !important; } .go-button{
background-color:#007993!important; border:#0098A6!important; color:
white!important; border-radius: 0px !important } .hero-image{
height:600px!important; } h1{ color: #333353!important; } .personalization-
bar{ background-color:#000028!important } .position-count-message{
color:#000028 !important } .dropdown-title{ color:white!important; }
.advanced-options-button { color: #007993 !important; } .btn.position-apply-
button{ background-color: #00FFB9!important; border-radius: 0px !important;
border: 1px solid #000028 !important; } .btn.position-apply-button:hover{
background-color: #62EEC7!important } .btn.btn-secondary.upload-resume-button{
color:#008AA6!important; border-color: #008AA6!important; text-
transform:inherit!important } .btn.btn-secondary.upload-resume-button:hover{
background-color:rgba(0,204,204,0.12)!important } .pillContainer{ color:
#008AA6!important; } .pillContainer:hover{ background-
color:rgba(0,204,204,0.12)!important; color: #008AA6!important } .position-
title.line-clamp.line-clamp-2{ color: #333353!important; text-indent: 0px
!important; } .position-facets .pillTitle{ color:#008AA6!important }
.position-facets h3 { text-transform:inherit!important } .btn.btn-sm.btn-
secondary.show-more-positions{ color:#008AA6!important; border-color:
#008AA6!important } .btn.btn-sm.btn-secondary.show-more-positions:hover{
background-color:rgba(0,204,204,0.12)!important; } .fa-share{
color:#0098A6!important; font-size:30px!important; } .nav-item a{ color: #fff
!important; } .refer .user-name{ color: #fff !important; } .header-wrapper{
background:linear-gradient(131.75deg, #00FEB7 6.46%, rgba(0, 230, 220, 0)
60.3%), #00E6DC; } .page-footer{ position: static !important; background:
#ebebeb !important;} #ot-pc-title{ font-size:20px!important; } #ot-category-
title{ font-size:20px!important; } #onetrust-consent-sdk #onetrust-pc-sdk .ot-
accordion-layout.ot-cat-item .ot-cat-header{ font-size: 18px!important; font-
weight:400px!important; margin-bottom: 0px!important; } #onetrust-consent-sdk
#onetrust-pc-sdk *:focus{ outline: 1px solid #00000!important; } #onetrust-
policy-title{ font-size: 20px!important; } .build-profile{ font-
weight:bold!important; text-decoration:underline!important; } .upload-resume-
modal{ background-color:#F3F3F0!important } .resume-build-profile-div{ font-
weight:bold!important; } .upload-resume-modal .dropzone-container .fal{
color:#000028!important; } .upload-resume-title{ color:#000028!important }
.dropzone-container .resume-build-profile-div{ color:#000028!important }
.upload-resume-modal a{ color:#000028!important; } .upload-resume-modal
.dropzone-container h3,upload-resume-modal.dropzone.drop-resume-text{ text-
transform:inherit!important } .file-type,.or-separator{
color:#000028!important } /* FOOTER CSS */ .footer-container{ background:
#ebebeb; padding: 25px; color: #697882; } .jibe-container { margin-left:auto;
margin-right:auto } .footer-container .disclaimer-row .disclaimer span,
.footer-container .emphasize { font-weight: 600; } .footer-container a {
color: #697882; } .footer-container .main-text>a { display: block; width:
-webkit-fit-content; width: fit-content; margin-bottom: 15px; } .flex-row {
-webkit-justify-content: space-between; -webkit-flex-wrap:wrap; display: flex;
} .footer-container .link-container a:not(:last-child) { margin-right: 20px; }
.footer-container .disclaimer-row { margin-top: 16px; } .footer-container
.disclaimer-row .disclaimer { font-size: 14px; width: 100%; } .footer-
container .main-text i { color: #3d9aa1; font-size: 32px; } .footer-container
.main-text { margin-bottom: 23px; } .footer-container .disclaimer-row
.disclaimer span, .footer-container .emphasize { font-weight: 600; } .add-to-
job-cart-button { background: white !important; border: 1px solid #005F98
!important; color: white !important; } @import
url('https://static.vscdn.net/images/careers/demo/siemens-
sandbox/1650891122::font-awesome.min.css') /* FAQS */ .container { width:
inherit !important ; text-align: center !important; } .faq { box-shadow: inset
0 0 0 0 #54b3d6; color: #000000; margin: 0 -.25rem; padding: 0 .25rem;
transition: color .3s ease-in-out, box-shadow .3s ease-in-out; font-size:
50px; } .faq:hover { box-shadow: inset 200px 0 0 0 #000000; color: white; }
.search-results-main-container .position-cards-container .card-selected {
border-left: 8px solid #007993; } .redesigned-nux .personalization-bar {
background-color: #FFFFFF !important; color: #364759; } .redesigned-nux .fa-
angle-up, .redesigned-nux .fa-angle-down { color: #000028 !important; }
.redesigned-nux .signup-description .btn { background-color: #00FFB9
!important; } .navbar img { height: 20px !important; width: 120px !important }
.position-sub-title { text-transform:inherit!important } .upload-resume-modal
.dropzone-container .btn .btn-secondary .browse-button{ text-
transform:inherit!important } .job-insights-sub-title .get-matched-sub-title{
text-transform:inherit!important } a.btn.btn-secondary.browse-button { text-
transform:inherit!important } .go-button{ background-color: #00FFB9
!important; color: #000028 !important; border: 1px solid #000028 !important;
padding: 0px; line-height: 32px; padding: 0px 10px; transition: all 1s ease; }
.btn.position-apply-button{ background-color: #00FFB9 !important; } .position-
apply-button{ color: #000028 !important; } .btn.btn-secondary.browse-button{
background-color: #007993!important; color: #FFFFFF !important; border:
#007993 !important; border-radius: 0px !important; } .btn.btn-
secondary.browse-button:hover { background-color: #005159!important; color:
white!important; } .position-full-card .position-title { text-align: left; }
h1.position-title { margin-left: 30px; } p.position-location.line-clamp.line-
clamp-2.body-text-2.p-up-margin { text-indent: 0px !important; } .position-
full-card .position-location { text-align: left; text-indent:30px; }
.position-sub-title, .custom-content-title { text-align: left; } .match-bar {
display: none; } .position-full-card .row:nth-child(4) .col-md-12 { text-
align:left !important; } .btn.position-apply-button { margin-left:31px; }
.position-apply-button { font-weight: 600; } .go-button{ font-weight: 600 }
.custom-jd-container .custom-jd-field { width:33%; margin-bottom:20px; } #pcs-
body-container.redesigned-nux .collapse .signup-description .btn { color:
#000028 !important; } .question-label-asterisk { color: red !important; }
.hero-image{ height: 288px !important; position:relative !important;
background-repeat:no-repeat !important; background-position:75% bottom
!important; background-size:auto calc(100% - 79px) !important; } /*.hero-
image:before { Creates the gradient background content:""; position:absolute;
top:0; right:0; bottom:0; left:0; z-index:-1; background:linear-
gradient(131.75deg, #00FEB7 6.46%, rgba(0, 230, 220, 0) 60.3%), #00E6DC; }*/
.jumbotron > h1{ text-align: left !important; color: #000028 !important; font-
size: 48 !important; padding-left: 10px !important; width: 30% !important; }
.hero-image .jumbotron h1 { margin:0; font-weight:800; } .hero-image
.jumbotron { left:36px; } .hero-image .jumbotron h1 { padding-left:24px
!important; } .apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1 { margin:0; font-weight:800; }
.apply .hero-image .jumbotron { left:16px; width:calc( 100% - 16px ); } .apply
.hero-image .jumbotron h1 { width:100%; margin:0 !important; padding-left:16px
!important; bottom:0; } .apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1, .single-page-mode
.hero-image .jumbotron h1{ display:none; } #page-wrapper #survey-container
.button-row .next-button{ background-color: #00FFB9 !important;
border:none!important; color: #000028!important; } .match-bar { display:none;
} .apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1,.single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron
h1{ margin:0; font-weight:800 } .apply .hero-image .jumbotron,.single-page-
mode .hero-image .jumbotron{ left:24px; width:calc((100% - 24px) - 6px) }
.apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1,.single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron h1{
width:100%!important; margin:0!important; padding-left:16px!important;
bottom:0 } @media (min-width: 576px) { /* .hero-image { background-
position:calc( calc( calc( 100vw - 576px) / 2 ) + calc( 576px * 0.6 ) )
bottom; }*/ .apply .hero-image .jumbotron { left:36px; width:calc( 100% - 36px
); } .apply .hero-image .jumbotron,.single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron{
top:135px } .apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1, .single-page-mode .hero-image
.jumbotron h1{ display:block; } .apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1,.single-page-
mode .hero-image .jumbotron h1{ width:50vw !important } } @media (min-width:
768px){ /* .hero-image { background-position:calc( calc( calc( 100vw - 768px)
/ 2 ) + calc( 768px * 0.6 ) ) bottom; }*/ .apply .hero-image
.jumbotron,.single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron{ left:36px;
width:calc((100% - 36px) - 6px) } .single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron{
left:50%; margin-left:-343px } } @media (min-width: 889px){ /*.hero-image {
background-position:calc( calc( calc( 100vw - 889px) / 2 ) + calc( 889px * 0.6
) ) bottom; }*/ .search-bar .search-container .go-button { color: #007993; }
#pcs-body-container.redesigned-nux .personalization-bar .message-container
.message-top-container, #pcs-body-container.redesigned-nux .personalization-
bar .message-container .position-count-message, .mobile-map-search.redesigned-
nux .personalization-bar .message-container .message-top-container, .mobile-
map-search.redesigned-nux .personalization-bar .message-container .position-
count-message { color: #364759; } } @media (min-width: 992px) { /*.hero-image
{ background-position:calc( calc( calc( 100vw - 992px) / 2 ) + calc( 992px *
0.6 ) ) bottom; }*/ .apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1 { width:450px; }
.position-details:has(.insights-bg *) .position-job-description-column {
width:66.66666667%; } .position-details:has(.insights-bg *) .match-and-
insights-column { display:block; } .position-details .position-job-
description-column { width:100%; } .position-details .match-and-insights-
column { display:none; } .apply .hero-image .jumbotron h1,.single-page-mode
.hero-image .jumbotron h1{ width:450px!important } .apply .hero-image
.jumbotron,.single-page-mode .hero-image .jumbotron{ top:125px } .single-page-
mode .hero-image .jumbotron{ left:50%; margin-left:-454px }
#EFSmartApplyContainer { overflow: visible !important; } } @media (min-width:
1200px){ /* .hero-image { background-position:calc( calc( calc( 100vw -
1200px) / 2 ) + calc( 1200px * 0.6 ) ) bottom; }*/ .single-page-mode .hero-
image .jumbotron{ left:50%; margin-left:-554px } .jibe-container { width:
1170px; } } @media (min-width: 1400px) { .hero-image { background-
position:calc( calc( calc( 100vw - 1400px) / 2 ) + calc( 1400px * 0.6 ) )
bottom !important; } .apply .hero-image .jumbotron { left:50%; margin-
left:-705px; } } .related-blog .blog-image{background-position:
center!important;} .social-links .ef-twitter-x { background: #3d9aa1
!important; width: 20px !important; height: 20px !important; margin-top: -12px
!important; background-repeat: no-repeat;} #career-workflow .browse-button{
background-color:#007993!important } button.btn.btn.btn-primary { background-
color: #00FFB9 !important; border-radius: 0px !important; border: 1px solid
#000028 !important; color: #000028 !important; } button.btn.btn.btn-
primary:hover { background-color: #62EEC7 !important; } `

