Skip to main content

-

![](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/GEVGHLGLOBAL/en_global/desktop/assets/images/v-1702373111067-jd-
banner.jpg)

# Commercial Operations Intern

**** GE Healthcare  Healthcare International  Category Human Resources  Co-
op/Intern  Job Id R4013009  **Relocation Assistance** No  Location Dubai,
United Arab Emirates

__ Save

Apply Now  __

[ __ Back to search results  ]()

__ Previous job  Next job  __

JOB DESCRIPTION

# ******Job Description Summary******

The Commercial Operations Intern will be a vital member of the team, focusing
on improving operational efficiency through tasks such as account cleanup,
dashboard creation, and supporting ongoing simplification projects. This
internship offers a unique opportunity to contribute to critical projects that
streamline processes, track key performance indicators (KPIs), and support the
implementation of Operational Performance Indicators. The intern will gain
practical experience in a dynamic, global healthcare environment.  
  
About GE HealthCare  
GE HealthCare is a leading global medical technology and digital solutions
innovator with over 100 years of healthcare industry experience and around
50,000 employees globally. We enable clinicians to make faster, more informed
decisions through intelligent devices, data analytics, applications and
services, supported by our Edison intelligence platform. We operate at the
center of an ecosystem working toward precision health - digitizing
healthcare, helping drive productivity and improving outcomes for patients,
providers, health systems and researchers around the world.

# **Job Description**

## Roles and Responsibilities:

  * **Account Cleanup:** Assist in maintaining and updating customer accounts within the CRM system, ensuring data accuracy, removing duplicates, and refining key customer information.
  * **Dashboard Building:** Support the creation and management of dashboards that visualize essential business metrics and KPIs. Utilize tools such as Excel, Power BI, or Tableau to provide clear and actionable insights to the commercial operations team.
  * **Support Simplification Projects:** Collaborate with the team to identify and implement process simplifications that enhance operational efficiency. Help document and roll out new processes, ensuring they align with overall business objectives.
  * **KPI Tracking:** Assist in tracking and reporting KPIs related to sales performance, customer satisfaction, and operational efficiency. Work closely with the team to monitor progress against targets and provide regular updates.
  * **Support Operational Performance Indicators:** Help in the implementation and monitoring of OPIs to ensure strategic objectives are met. Provide support in analyzing OPI data and recommending adjustments as needed.

## Required Qualifications:

  * Fresh graduate or currently pursuing a Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Marketing, Finance, or a related field.
  * Strong analytical skills with experience in data management and reporting.
  * Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word); experience with data visualization tools (e.g., Power BI, Tableau) is a plus.
  * Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English.
  * Highly organized with attention to detail and the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
  * Strong teamwork and collaboration skills, with a proactive attitude and willingness to learn.

## Preferred Qualifications:

  * Previous internship or work experience in a commercial, sales, or operations role is advantageous.
  * Familiarity with CRM software and data visualization tools is an advantage.
  * Knowledge of the healthcare industry is beneficial.

## Benefits:

  * Gain hands-on experience in a global healthcare company.
  * Opportunity to work on high-impact projects that drive operational efficiency.
  * Exposure to international business operations and strategic decision-making processes.
  * Networking opportunities with professionals across various functions within the organization.
  * Potential for future career opportunities within the company.

Our total rewards are designed to unlock your ambition by giving you the boost
and flexibility you need to turn your ideas into world-changing realities. Our
salary and benefits are everything you’d expect from an organization with
global strength and scale, and you’ll be surrounded by career opportunities in
a culture that fosters care, collaboration and support.

GE HealthCare is an Equal Opportunity Employer where inclusion matters.
Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion,
national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or
expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics
protected by law.

GE HealthCare - Creating a world where healthcare has no limits

#LI-MA2  
#LI-Hybrid

# ******Additional Information******

**Relocation Assistance Provided:** No

__Explore Location

[ __ Close the popup  ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ Apply Now
__](https://careers.gehealthcare.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=GEVGHLGLOBALR4013009EXTERNALENGLOBAL&utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=phenom-
feeds "Apply Now")

__ Save

Share the opportunity  

  * __ Share via Facebook
  * __ Share via twitter
  * __ Share via LinkedIn
  * __ Share via email
  * __ Share via Instagram
  * __ Share via pinterest

###  Share job link

__

To your colleagues or friends

Cancel  Copy Link

##  Get notified for similar jobs

Sign up to receive job alerts

Enter Email address (Required)

Submit

__

### Failure!

Ok

##  Get tailored job recommendations based on your interests.

Get Started

__ profile icon

[ __ Sign up ](javascript:void\(0\))

![loading](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/GEVGHLGLOBAL/en_global/desktop/assets/images/loader.gif)

##  Profile recommendations

See more  __

See less jobs  __ See more  __ See even more  __

No recommendations found

##  Similar Jobs

See more  __

See less  __ See next  __ See even more  __

No recommendations found

##  Jobseekers Also Viewed

See more  __

See less  __ See next  __ See even more  __

No recommendations found

How would you rate your experience popup

[ Career Site Cookie Settings
__](https://careers.gehealthcare.com/global/en/cookiesettings)

[ Personal Information
__](https://careers.gehealthcare.com/global/en/emailpersonalinfo)

69a39120ef214d7f868ee425b035dac1

1 new message from chatbot![](https://cdn-
bot.phenompeople.com/assets/icons/icon_3.svg)

Hi! Are you interested in this job?

Close chatbot notification

I'm interested

Find similar jobs

