[![site logo](https://airdna-next.cdn.prismic.io/airdna-
next/9a396ed9-3da8-49bd-9988-2ce5aed8c5aa_FooterLogo.svg?fit=max&w=384)](/)

EN

​

SolutionsResourcesPricingContact Us

SolutionsIndustries[Pricing](/pricing)ResourcesCompanyContact Us

[Log in](https://app.airdna.co/data/login)

[Start for free](https://app.airdna.co/data/us?welcome=true)

[Start for free](https://app.airdna.co/data/us?welcome=true)[Log
in](https://app.airdna.co/data/login)

EN

​

[Blog](/resources/blog)[Latest Press & News](/resources/press)[AirDNA
Research](/resources/industry-report)[Webinar & Videos](/resources/video)[Case
Studies](/resources/case-study)[Guides](/resources/guides)

[Back To Blogs](/resources/blog)

# Airbnb Superhost: How to Become One in 2024

April 8, 2024

[](https://www.tiktok.com/@airdna.co)[](https://twitter.com/AirDNA)[](https://www.facebook.com/airdna)[](https://https://www.linkedin.com/company/airdna)[](https://www.instagram.com/airdna.co)[](https://www.youtube.com/c/airdna)Copy
link

  1. [Resources](/resources)
  2. [Blogs](/resources/blog)
  3. [Airbnb Superhost: How to Become One in 2024 (According to Data)](/blog/airbnb_superhost_status)

## Benefits of Becoming a Superhost

Becoming an Airbnb Superhost comes with a myriad of benefits that can make
your hosting experience better and [boost your rental property's
performance](https://www.airdna.co/blog/maximize-return-on-your-vacation-
rental):

  1. **Better Visibility:** Superhost status increases your visibility on the platform, making your listing more prominent in search results and attracting more potential guests.
  2. **Improved Guest Experience:** As a Superhost, you're recognized for your commitment to providing exceptional hospitality. Guests are more likely to choose your property over others, knowing they can expect a high level of service and reliability.
  3. **Higher Occupancy Rates:** Data shows that Superhosts enjoy approximately 5% higher [occupancy rates](https://www.airdna.co/blog/airbnb-hosting-tips-for-occupancy-in-2023) compared to hosts without Superhost status. This increased demand translates to more bookings and higher overall revenue potential.
  4. **Increased Annual Revenue:** Despite listings without Superhost status having slightly higher [average daily rates (ADRs)](https://www.airdna.co/blog/airbnb-adr-how-to-improve) and [revenue per available room (RevPAR)](https://www.airdna.co/blog/vacation-rental-metrics-revpar), Superhosts enjoy nearly 13% higher annual revenue potential. This is attributed to the higher occupancy rates and increased booking volume that Superhost status brings.

## How Much Do Airbnb Superhosts Make?

How much Superhosts make depends on whether the host is an individual operator
or a professional property manager. Our data shows that the annual revenue
potential for individual Superhosts is $44,627, while professionally managed
Superhosts can earn an average of $72,196 per year, largely because they
charge higher ADRs and may manage different property types, including more
luxury properties.

Those figures represent a 29% higher annual revenue potential than non-Airbnb
Superhosts.  

![Bar graph showing that Airbnb Superhosts make more
money](https://images.prismic.io/airdna-next/Zp-tMx5LeNNTxbOI_Sales-Strategy-
LinkedIn-Post.jpg?auto=format,compress)

### Calculate potential earnings

Understand the investment potential of any address in the world.

[See your STR revenue potential](https://www.airdna.co/airbnb-calculator)

## How to Become a Superhost on Airbnb

Superhost requirements are quite clear. 53% of Airbnb hosts achieve Superhost
status, and our data shows, for example, that 71% of Superhosts have at least
a 4.9-star rating. Any rating lower than 4.7 leads to a steep drop off in
Superhost status. Many hosts with their current host rating as 4.7 or below
have a relatively lower number of reviews. A single recent low rating can have
a significant impact on their rating and ability to maintain Superhost status
in the future.

Likewise, many non-Superhost have a 4.9 star rating and above (42% of these
hosts), but missed super host status because of not meeting one of the the
other criteria. Event non-superhosts get a 5 star rating in 80% of their
reviews compared to 92% for Superhosts.

![Pie charts showing that Superhosts have more 4.9 star ratings
](https://images.prismic.io/airdna-next/Zp-tSx5LeNNTxbOO_1-Pie-
Chart.jpg?auto=format,compress)

Knowing exactly how to achieve 4.9 or 5-star Airbnb Superhost reviews and
ratings can be trickier. Below are some tips to help you create guest
experiences that boost ratings and qualify for Superhost status.

### 1\. Offer a comfortable, clean, easy-to-use property

Cleanliness is crucial to guests, and they won’t hesitate to respond with low
ratings if a property doesn’t meet their standards. They also expect ease of
use and comfort—everything should work, [beds should be
comfortable](https://www.airdna.co/blog/best-bedding-for-airbnb), the [key
exchange](https://www.airdna.co/blog/key-exchange-airbnb) should be simple,
and you should offer the standard amenities guests need ([plus something
extra](https://www.airdna.co/blog/the-best-airbnb-amenities-to-boost-your-
occupancy-rate-adr-and-revpar) if you want to surprise and exceed
expectations!).

You can achieve these standards (and earn high guest ratings) by inspecting
the property regularly, keeping up on maintenance, and hiring professional
cleaners who follow a [checklist](https://www.airdna.co/blog/-ultimate-short-
term-rental-cleaning-checklist)

[Become a better host](https://app.airdna.co/data/register)[Free Airbnb
Calculator](https://www.airdna.co/airbnb-calculator)

### 2\. Keep your cancellation rate low

This requirement is strict and straightforward: Hosts who have a cancellation
rate of more than 1% are disqualified from Airbnb Superhost status.
Cancellations are commonly caused when a property is inadvertently [double-
booked](https://www.airdna.co/blog/airbnb-double-booking), so [keeping your
calendar updated](https://www.airdna.co/blog/how-to-link-airbnb-and-vrbo-
calendars) is key to keeping host cancellations at a minimum.

### 3\. Take care with communications

Like in any relationship, communication is the key to success—and that stands
true in the guest-Superhost relationship, too. No one ever became a Superhost
by ignoring messages. If you're serious about elevating your host status,
answer [initial booking inquiries](https://www.airdna.co/blog/pre-booking-
message-tips-and-examples) as quickly as you can. Respond instantly if guests
have any questions or issues during their stay. It’s a good idea to reach out
to guests proactively after they check in and check out to resolve any
problems immediately without them having to ask you.

![woman on phone](https://images.prismic.io/airdna-
next/ZvGPcbVsGrYSvt_L_magnet-me-315vPGsAFUk-
unsplash.jpg?auto=format,compress?auto=format,compress)

### 4\. Make guests feel like they're getting a good deal

While aspects such as easy check-in, a [comfortable
bed](https://www.airdna.co/blog/best-bedding-for-airbnb), or clean bathrooms
all play a part in getting good reviews, ensuring that guests feel they’re
receiving a “good deal” has been proven to be a big contributing factor.
Guests who feel like they got good bang for their buck are much more likely to
leave a five-star review.

If you’re struggling to exceed a 90% occupancy rate, adjusting your prices can
create a cycle that builds on itself. More people will read those glowing
reviews and book your property, and higher occupancy will gradually make up
for your lower ADR.

### 5\. Encourage guest reviews and ratings

You already know reviews are essential to becoming an Airbnb Superhost.
However, in a world where 89% of all reviews left for U.S. properties are
5-star reviews, the number of reviews you have matters as much as how positive
those reviews are.

Our data shows that 70% of Superhosts have between 20 reviews or more, with
over a quarter that have between 20-49 reviews specifically. When looking at
non-superhosts, 59% have fewer than 20 reviews.

The fewer reviews you have, the more important it is that they’re five stars.
90.8% of reviews for Airbnb Superhosts that only have 1-10 guest reviews are
five stars. That percentage increases as your number of reviews increases, but
it typically remains steady at about 93%.

![Reaching 20+ reviews doubles your chances of becoming a
superhost](https://images.prismic.io/airdna-next/Zp-
tgh5LeNNTxbOU_Untitled-1-.jpg?auto=format,compress)

Provide exceptional service and go above and beyond to meet guest
expectations. This can justify you [prompting guests to leave glowing
reviews](https://www.airdna.co/blog/how-to-get-five-star-reviews-on-airbnb)
and high ratings, which are crucial for achieving Superhost status.

Actively soliciting feedback from guests and promptly addressing any concerns
or issues also demonstrates your dedication to providing a top-notch
experience, further solidifying your chances of becoming a Superhost.

### Ditch the guesswork.

Plan your STR strategy based on real booking activity and trends—plus, see how
things change year over year.

[Get started](https://app.airdna.co/data/register)

## Is Airbnb Superhost Worth It?

Hosts must meet Airbnb Superhost criteria to qualify for this special status,
and many don’t make the cut. There are plenty of things hosts can work on to
become Superhosts, but is it worth it? According to our [vacation rental
data](https://www.airdna.co/vacation-rental-data), the answer is yes. Hosts
earn significantly more revenue on Airbnb when they receive the Superhost
stamp of approval.

Bottom line: Putting in the necessary time, effort, and strategy toward
elevating your host status makes a difference in your short-term rental (STR)
profitability.

[Learn about short-term rental data](https://www.airdna.co/vacation-rental-
data)

![two women high-fiving](https://images.prismic.io/airdna-
next/ZvGPdrVsGrYSvt_M_pexels-zen-
chung-5537998.jpg?auto=format,compress?auto=format,compress)

## Boost Your Reviews on Your Path to Superhost Status

Becoming an Airbnb Superhost can feel daunting, but it’s well within reach.
Dedication, commitment, and a focus on providing exceptional hospitality can
go a long way toward Superhost-worthy guest experiences.

At some point, though, the experience you create must translate to your
reviews. Curious how to get better reviews and ratings? Check out our guide
for [how to get five-star reviews](https://www.airdna.co/blog/how-to-get-five-
star-reviews-on-airbnb).

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What's the difference between a Superhost and a regular host on Airbnb?

Superhosts must meet certain standards and maintain them every year to keep
their Superhost status. These include hosting at least 10 stays in the past
year, responding to 90% of messages within 24 hours, maintaining a guest
rating of at least 4.8 overall, and having a cancellation rate of less than
1%. Hosts who don’t meet these requirements or fail to maintain them will not
achieve Superhost status.

### How do I know if I’m a Superhost on Airbnb?

Log in to your hosting account and navigate to the "Progress" tab on the
dashboard To check if you're a Superhost on Airbnb. Here, you'll find your
Superhost status displayed prominently. Additionally, Airbnb sends Superhosts
a congratulatory email when they achieve or renew their Superhost status every
quarter.

### How many 5-star reviews do I need to be a Superhost on Airbnb?

There isn’t a specific number of five-star reviews you need to be a Superhost,
but hosts generally aim for a high percentage of positive reviews relative to
their total bookings. Our data shows that current Superhosts with under 10
reviews have approximately six five-star reviews; if the Superhost has between
20 and 100 reviews, roughly half of them are five star ratings.

### Calculate potential earnings.

Understand the investment potential of any address in the world.

[See your STR revenue potential](https://www.airdna.co/airbnb-calculator)

### ARTICLE SUMMARY

Airbnb Superhosts have higher occupancy rates, higher revenue, and more
visibility on the Airbnb platform. Here’s how to become one, according to
AirDNA data

### QUICK NAVIGATION

[What Is a Superhost?](/blog/airbnb_superhost_status#what)[Airbnb Superhost
Requirements](/blog/airbnb_superhost_status#requirements)[Benefits](/blog/airbnb_superhost_status#benefits)[Superhost
earnings](/blog/airbnb_superhost_status#money)[How to Become a
Superhost](/blog/airbnb_superhost_status#how)[Is It Worth It?
](/blog/airbnb_superhost_status#worth)[Frequently Asked Questions
](/blog/airbnb_superhost_status#faq)

[](https://www.tiktok.com/@airdna.co)[](https://twitter.com/AirDNA)[](https://www.facebook.com/airdna)[](https://https://www.linkedin.com/company/airdna)[](https://www.instagram.com/airdna.co)[](https://www.youtube.com/c/airdna)Copy
link

Airbnb Host Tips

#### Related

[![](https://images.prismic.io/airdna-
next/9f8ee33b-ff48-4579-8991-97310572e402_Guests+writing+5-star+review.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&dpr=1,https://images.prismic.io/airdna-
next/9f8ee33b-ff48-4579-8991-97310572e402_Guests+writing+5-star+review.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&dpr=2)How
to Get 5-Star Reviews on AirbnbBlogJanuary 26, 2024](/blog/how-to-get-five-
star-reviews-on-airbnb)

[![](https://images.prismic.io/airdna-
next/b6fda077-bca2-4546-ae09-79735d0a34ae_AdobeStock_295078836.jpeg?auto=compress%2Cformat&dpr=1,https://images.prismic.io/airdna-
next/b6fda077-bca2-4546-ae09-79735d0a34ae_AdobeStock_295078836.jpeg?auto=compress%2Cformat&dpr=2)Best
Airbnb Management Companies by U.S. Market BlogSeptember 16, 2024](/blog/the-
best-airbnb-property-management-services)

[![](https://images.prismic.io/airdna-
next/48ecdfaa-4bfd-4757-97bc-34b8c1ca3ce6_pexels-rdne-stock-
project-7348742.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&dpr=1,https://images.prismic.io/airdna-
next/48ecdfaa-4bfd-4757-97bc-34b8c1ca3ce6_pexels-rdne-stock-
project-7348742.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&dpr=2)Airbnb Rules for Hosting You
Need to KnowBlogApril 4, 2024](/blog/airbnb-rules-for-hosting)

### Get started with Market Explorer today.

With powerful, easy-to-use tools, Market Explorer helps hosts and and and
investors succeed in the short-term rental market. jump in?

[Try for free](https://app.airdna.co/data/us?tab=markets)

## Sign up for our newsletter

Subscribe for monthly insights, tips, and exclusive offers.

Email*

Solutions

  * [STR Data](/vacation-rental-data)
  * [Enterprise Solutions](/custom-vacation-rental-reports)
  * [API](/vrbo-airbnb-api)
  * [Airbnb Calculator](/airbnb-calculator)
  * [Airbnb 101](/guides/beginners-guide-to-airbnb-hosting)
  * [U.S. Outlook Report](/outlook-report)

Industries

  * [DMOs & Tourism Boards](/tourism-boards)
  * [Real Estate](/real-estate)
  * [Property Managers](/property-managers)
  * [PMS & Channel Managers](/pms-channel-manager)
  * [Hedge Funds](/hedge-funds)
  * [Academic](/academics)

Resources

  * [Blog](/resources/blog)
  * [Press & News](/resources/press)
  * [AirDNA Research](/resources/industry-report)
  * [Case Studies](/resources/case-study)
  * [Guides](/resources/guides)
  * [Podcasts](https://www.airdna.co/podcasts)
  * [STR Glossary](/short-term-rental-glossary)
  * [FAQs](/faqs)
  * [Help Center](https://intercom.help/airdna/en/)
  * [Vacation Rental Data](/vacation-rental-data/app/us)

Company

  * [About](/about)
  * [Careers](/careers)
  * [Events](/events-airdna)
  * [AirDNA Data: How it Works](/airdna-data-how-it-works)
  * [Our Data Accuracy](/airdna-accuracy)
  * [Affiliates](https://ambassador.upfluence.co/airdna-affiliates)

Contact Us

  * [Sales & Support](/contact)
  * [Press](/press)

hello@airdna.co

* * *

###### USA

[1321 15th St. Denver, CO 80202](https://goo.gl/maps/j1Ck8trmRybKjf9A7)

* * *

###### Spain

[Carrer de Muntaner 292 6.2, 08021
Barcelona](https://goo.gl/maps/FFUSnDBEwnMZ6Ks17)

[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/airdna)[](https://twitter.com/AirDNA)[](https://www.facebook.com/airdna.co)[](https://www.youtube.com/c/airdna)[](https://www.instagram.com/airdna.co/)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@airdna.co)

[Terms of Service](/terms)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

[Cookie Policy](/cookie_policy)

[Content Usage](/content-terms)

[Transparency and Integrity
Channel](https://gestion.canalerta.com/gestiondenuncias?hash_key=792658056)

© 2024 AirDNA, LLC. All rights reserved. AirDNA is a trademark of AirDNA, LLC.

![](https://s.amazon-adsystem.com/iui3?d=forester-did&ex-
fargs=%3Fid%3D93e4bfde-b328-48e4-5bfe-4b65a4e5b6de%26type%3DUNKNOWN%26m%3D1&ex-
fch=416613&ex-src=https://www.airdna.co&ex-
hargs=v%3D1.0%3Bc%3D583929626922668835%3Bp%3D93E4BFDE-B328-48E4-5BFE-4B65A4E5B6DE)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=56350775&Ver=2&mid=a757d59d-3ad6-46ef-9855-8f3983a24ae8&bo=1&sid=561cd820d67811efa319a970538213aa&vid=561da6a0d67811efbe9fc74974e8ac91&vids=1&msclkid=N&ea=track&el=Viewed
Marketing
Page&el2=Viewed%20Marketing%20Page&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.airdna.co%2Fblog%2Fairbnb_superhost_status&sw=1280&sh=720&sc=24&evt=custom&cdb=ARoR&rn=378979)

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=3891756&fmt=gif)

