Skip to main content

  * [Home](/en)

  * [Teams](/en/business_categories)

  * [Locations](/en/locations)

  * [Job categories](/en/job_categories)

  * My career
    * [My applications](/applicant/dashboard/applications)
    * [My profile](/user/details)
    * [Account security](https://passport.amazon.jobs/accountInfo)
    * [Settings](/applicant/communication-preferences)
    * [Sign out](/logout)

  * Resources
    * [Disability accommodations](/content/how-we-hire/accommodations)
    * [Benefits](/benefits/global)
    * [Diversity, equity, and inclusion](/content/our-workplace/diversity-and-inclusion)
    * [Interview tips](/content/how-we-hire/interviewing-at-amazon)
    * [Leadership principles](/content/our-workplace/leadership-principles)
    * [Working at Amazon](/content/our-workplace/working-at-amazon)
    * [FAQ](/content/faq)

[×](javascript:void\(0\))

[](javascript:void\(0\))[Amazon Jobs home page](/en)

Search for jobs by title or keyword

search job by location

My career

[My applications ](/applicant/dashboard/applications)[My
profile](/user/details)

[Account
security](https://passport.amazon.jobs/accountInfo)[Settings](/applicant/communication-
preferences)

[Sign out](/logout)

[Amazon Jobs home page](/en)

cancel

Search for jobs by title or keyword

search job by location

Search jobs

# Data Scientist -Generative AI, Amazon University Talent Acquisition

Job ID: 2845691 | Amazon Web Services EMEA Dubai FZ Branch - Q29

[Apply now](https://www.amazon.jobs/applicant/jobs/2845691/apply)

## DESCRIPTION

Amazon launched the Generative AI Innovation Center (GenAIIC) in June 2023 to
help AWS customers accelerate the use of generative AI to solve business and
operational problems and promote innovation in their organization. This is a
team of strategists, data scientists, engineers, and solution architects
working step-by-step with customers to build bespoke solutions that harness
the power of generative AI. (https://press.aboutamazon.com/2023/6/aws-
announces- generative-ai-innovation-center).  
  
We’re looking for Data Scientists to use generative AI and other techniques to
design, evangelize, and implement state-of-the-art solutions for never-before-
solved problems.  
You will work directly with customers and innovate in a fast-paced
organization that contributes to game-changing projects and technologies. You
will design and run experiments, research new algorithms, and find new ways of
optimizing risk, profitability, and customer experience.  
  
As an early-in-career joiner, you will initially join our A2C (Associate to
Consultant) program for intensive training on AWS technology and delivery
approach.  
  
Emirati nationality is required.  
  
  
  
Key job responsibilities  
As a Data Scientist, you will  
  
\- Collaborate with AI/ML scientists, engineers, and architects to Research,
design, develop, and evaluate cutting-edge generative AI algorithms to address
real-world challenges  
  
\- Interact with customers directly to understand the business problem, help
and aid them in implementation of generative AI solutions, deliver briefing
and deep dive sessions to customers and guide customer on adoption patterns
and paths to production  
  
\- Create and deliver best practice recommendations, tutorials, blog posts,
sample code, and presentations adapted to technical, business, and executive
stakeholder  
  
\- Provide customer and market feedback to Product and Engineering teams to
help define product direction  
  
  
About the team  
The team helps customers imagine and scope the use cases that will create the
greatest value for their businesses, select and train or fine tune the right
models, define paths to navigate technical or business challenges, develop
proof-of-concepts, and make plans for launching solutions at scale. The
Generative AI Innovation Center team provides guidance on best practices for
applying generative AI responsibly and cost efficiently.  
  
Diverse Experiences  
AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the
qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage
candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a
traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you
from applying.  
  
Why AWS?  
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly
adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped
innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global
500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their
businesses.  
  
Inclusive Team Culture  
Here at AWS, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led
affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of
our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences, including our
Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity)
conferences, inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.  
  
Mentorship & Career Growth  
We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s
Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship
and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-
rounded professional.  
  
Work/Life Balance  
We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the
expense of sacrifices at home, which is why we strive for flexibility as part
of our working culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home,
there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud.  
  

## BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

\- Master's degree or equivalent experience  
\- Experience building a range of AI/ML models  
\- Experience in any of the following areas: algorithms and data structures,
parsing, numerical optimization, data mining, parallel and distributed
computing, high-performance computing, neural deep learning methods and/or
machine learning  
  

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

\- Experience in using Python and hands on experience building models with
deep learning frameworks like Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch, MXNet  
\- Prior experience in training and fine-tuning of Large Language Models
(LLMs)  
\- Knowledge of AWS platform and tools  
  
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our
customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or
adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for
the interview or onboarding process, please visit
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more
information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please
contact your Recruiting Partner.

## Job details

  *     * ARE, Dubai

  * [Data Science](/en/job_categories/data-science)

## Related jobs

  * [Senior Data Scientist, AWS Generative AI Innovation Center](/en/jobs/2658172/senior-data-scientist-aws-generative-ai-innovation-center)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** May 31, 2024 (Updated 6 days ago)

  * [GenAIIC MENAT Lead, AWS Generative AI Innovation Center](/en/jobs/2841408/genaiic-menat-lead-aws-generative-ai-innovation-center)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** November 27, 2024 (Updated 22 days ago)

  * [Data Scientist, AWS Generative AI Innovation Center](/en/jobs/2816978/data-scientist-aws-generative-ai-innovation-center)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** October 29, 2024 (Updated about 1 month ago)

  * [2025 Data Scientist internship, Amazon University Talent Acquisition](/en/jobs/2820108/2025-data-scientist-internship-amazon-university-talent-acquisition)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** November 1, 2024 (Updated about 2 months ago)

## Share this job

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2845691%2Fdata-scientist-generative-ai-amazon-university-talent-acquisition)
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2845691%2Fdata-scientist-generative-ai-amazon-university-talent-acquisition&title=Data%20Scientist%20-Generative%20AI%2C%20Amazon%20University%20Talent%20Acquisition&summary=Amazon%20launched%20the%20Generative%20AI%20Innovation%20Center%20%28GenAIIC%29%20in%20June%202023%20to%20help%20AWS%20customers%20accelerate%20the%20use%20of%20generative%20AI%20to%20solve%20business%20and%20operational%20problems%20and%20promote%20innovation%20in%20their%20organization.%20This%20is%20a%20team%20of...)
  * [](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2845691)
  * [](mailto:?body=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2845691&subject=Take%20a%20look%20at%20this%20job)
  * 

###### JOIN US ON

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/InsideAmazon/?Amazon.jobs=footer)
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/amazon?Amazon.jobs=footer)
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/insideamazon/?Amazon.jobs=footer)
  * [](https://twitter.com/amazonnews?Amazon.jobs=footer)

###### Find Careers

  * [Job Categories](/en/job_categories)
  * [Teams](/en/business_categories)
  * [Locations](/en/locations)
  * [US and EU Military recruiting](/en/military)
  * [Warehouse and Hourly Jobs](/en/landing_pages/hourly-jobs)

###### Working At Amazon

  * [Culture](/en/landing_pages/working-at-amazon)
  * [Benefits](/en/benefits)
  * [Amazon Newsletter](https://email.aboutamazon.com/l/637851/2020-10-29/pd87g?utm_campaign=newslettersubscribers&utm_content=amazonnewssignup&utm_medium=amazonjobs&utm_source=footer)
  * [Diversity at Amazon](/en/diversity)
  * [Our leadership principles](/en/principles)

###### Help

  * [FAQ](/en/faqs)
  * [Interview tips](/en/landing_pages/interviewing-at-amazon#onlineapp)
  * [Review application status](https://www.amazon.jobs/applicant/check_application_status)
  * [Disability accommodations](/en/disability/us)
  * [EU background checks](/en/eu_background_checks)

[ ____English](javascript:void\(0\))

Čeština Deutsch English English, British Español Français Italiano 日本語 Polski
Português, Brasil 简体中文

ČeštinaDeutschEnglishEnglish,
BritishEspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語PolskiPortuguês, Brasil简体中文

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national
origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status,
disability, age, or other legally protected status.

[Privacy and Data](/en/privacy_page)[Impressum](/en/impressum)

© 1996-2024, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

