Skip to main content

  * [Home](/en)

  * [Teams](/en/business_categories)

  * [Locations](/en/locations)

  * [Job categories](/en/job_categories)

  * My career
    * [My applications](/applicant/dashboard/applications)
    * [My profile](/user/details)
    * [Account security](https://passport.amazon.jobs/accountInfo)
    * [Settings](/applicant/communication-preferences)
    * [Sign out](/logout)

  * Resources
    * [Disability accommodations](/content/how-we-hire/accommodations)
    * [Benefits](/benefits/global)
    * [Diversity, equity, and inclusion](/content/our-workplace/diversity-and-inclusion)
    * [Interview tips](/content/how-we-hire/interviewing-at-amazon)
    * [Leadership principles](/content/our-workplace/leadership-principles)
    * [Working at Amazon](/content/our-workplace/working-at-amazon)
    * [FAQ](/content/faq)

[×](javascript:void\(0\))

[](javascript:void\(0\))[Amazon Jobs home page](/en)

Search for jobs by title or keyword

search job by location

My career

[My applications ](/applicant/dashboard/applications)[My
profile](/user/details)

[Account
security](https://passport.amazon.jobs/accountInfo)[Settings](/applicant/communication-
preferences)

[Sign out](/logout)

[Amazon Jobs home page](/en)

cancel

Search for jobs by title or keyword

search job by location

Search jobs

# 2025 Technical Business Developer Intern - UAE National, AWS

Job ID: 2812471 | Amazon Web Services EMEA Dubai FZ Branch - Q29

[Apply now](https://www.amazon.jobs/applicant/jobs/2812471/apply)

## DESCRIPTION

The AWS internship program will start in June /July 2025 and focused on
Penultimate year students who graduate in 2026.  
  
Amazon Web Services is innovating new ways of building massively scalable
distributed systems and delivering the next generation of cloud services that
support commercial and public sector customers around the world. We hold high
standards for our computer systems and the services we deliver to our
customers: our systems are highly secure, highly reliable, highly available,
all while functioning at massive scale. Our employees are smart, passionate
about the cloud, driven to serve customers, and fun to work with.  
  
Our regions are the primary means by which we deliver AWS services around the
world and we are seeking a Technical Business Development will to participate
in and influence new business capture strategy and proposals for new regions.
You will provide inputs to written proposals, and guide our approach to
building regions in response to emerging customer needs and unique
opportunities. In this role, you will be at the forefront of AWS solutions.  
  
Technical Business Developer Interns will scale their perspective from
opportunities and implementation to strategies for large public sector
customers or geographic regions. We value the ability to proactively and
productively engage in discussions with stakeholders, across AWS, with
differing perspectives, opinions, and priorities while driving to solutions
that best serve our customers.  
  
Amazon internships are full-time (40 hours/week) for 12 consecutive weeks, in
Summer 2025.  
  
Note: Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. For an update on your
status, or to confirm your application was submitted successfully, please
login to your candidate portal. Please note that we are reviewing a high
volume of applications and appreciate your patience.  
  
Mentorship & Career Growth  
Our team is dedicated to supporting new team members in an environment that
celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Projects and tasks are assigned
in a way that leverages your strengths and helps you further develop your
skillset.  
  
Inclusive Team Culture  
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our
culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching
40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit
offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our
Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity)
conferences.

## BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

\- Undergraduate currently enrolled in an accredited University/College
pursuing a Bachelor’s Degree or higher in IT, Information Systems, Computer
Science, Engineering, or related Technical field. Must be in Penultimate year
with a graduation date in 2026.  
\- UAE National with family book

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

\- Understanding of cloud computing and distributed systems.  
\- Ability to analyze quantitatively, problem-solve, and scope business
requirements.  
\- Ability to deliver initiatives from conception through completion.  
\- Ability to meet tight deadlines and prioritize projects and activities..  
  
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national
origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status,
disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with
disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit
<https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us>  
  
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that
employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting
decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to
discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security
of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our
[Privacy Notice](https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about
how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.  
  
  
  
EMEA AUTA Team  
<br/><br/>Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best
results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace
accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process,
including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more
information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please
contact your Recruiting Partner.

## Job details

  *     * ARE, Dubai

  * [Internships for students](/en/teams/internships-for-students)

  * [Sales, Advertising, & Account Management](/en/job_categories/sales-advertising-account-management)

## Related jobs

  * [2025 Graduate Technical Sales Representative - UAE National, AWS](/en/jobs/2819334/2025-graduate-technical-sales-representative-uae-national-aws)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** October 31, 2024 (Updated 9 days ago)

  * [Partnership Manager - UAE National, Amazon Payments](/en/jobs/2834614/partnership-manager-uae-national-amazon-payments)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** November 19, 2024 (Updated 10 days ago)

  * [Account Manager/Senior Account Manager, AWS (UAE Nationals Only), MENAT](/en/jobs/2847576/account-manager-senior-account-manager-aws-uae-nationals-only-menat)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** December 6, 2024 (Updated 13 days ago)

  * [Senior Ad Sales Manager, Advtsng Int'l Expansion](/en/jobs/2844956/senior-ad-sales-manager-advtsng-int-l-expansion)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** December 3, 2024 (Updated 16 days ago)

  * [2025 Early Career Talent Sales Account Executive - UAE National, AWS](/en/jobs/2819329/2025-early-career-talent-sales-account-executive-uae-national-aws)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** October 31, 2024 (Updated about 2 months ago)

## Share this job

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2812471%2F2025-technical-business-developer-intern-uae-national-aws)
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2812471%2F2025-technical-business-developer-intern-uae-national-aws&title=2025%20Technical%20Business%20Developer%20Intern%20-%20UAE%20National%2C%20AWS&summary=The%20AWS%20internship%20program%20will%20start%20in%20June%20%2FJuly%202025%20and%20focused%20on%20Penultimate%20year%20students%20who%20graduate%20in%202026.%20%3Cbr%2F%3E%3Cbr%2F%3EAmazon%20Web%20Services%20is%20innovating%20new%20ways%20of%20building%20massively%20scalable%20distributed%20systems%20and%20delivering%20the%20next...)
  * [](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2812471)
  * [](mailto:?body=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2812471&subject=Take%20a%20look%20at%20this%20job)
  * 

###### JOIN US ON

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/InsideAmazon/?Amazon.jobs=footer)
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/amazon?Amazon.jobs=footer)
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/insideamazon/?Amazon.jobs=footer)
  * [](https://twitter.com/amazonnews?Amazon.jobs=footer)

###### Find Careers

  * [Job Categories](/en/job_categories)
  * [Teams](/en/business_categories)
  * [Locations](/en/locations)
  * [US and EU Military recruiting](/en/military)
  * [Warehouse and Hourly Jobs](/en/landing_pages/hourly-jobs)

###### Working At Amazon

  * [Culture](/en/landing_pages/working-at-amazon)
  * [Benefits](/en/benefits)
  * [Amazon Newsletter](https://email.aboutamazon.com/l/637851/2020-10-29/pd87g?utm_campaign=newslettersubscribers&utm_content=amazonnewssignup&utm_medium=amazonjobs&utm_source=footer)
  * [Diversity at Amazon](/en/diversity)
  * [Our leadership principles](/en/principles)

###### Help

  * [FAQ](/en/faqs)
  * [Interview tips](/en/landing_pages/interviewing-at-amazon#onlineapp)
  * [Review application status](https://www.amazon.jobs/applicant/check_application_status)
  * [Disability accommodations](/en/disability/us)
  * [EU background checks](/en/eu_background_checks)

[ ____English](javascript:void\(0\))

Čeština Deutsch English English, British Español Français Italiano 日本語 Polski
Português, Brasil 简体中文

ČeštinaDeutschEnglishEnglish,
BritishEspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語PolskiPortuguês, Brasil简体中文

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national
origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status,
disability, age, or other legally protected status.

[Privacy and Data](/en/privacy_page)[Impressum](/en/impressum)

© 1996-2024, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

