Skip to Content

Content added to saved items

[Saved items (0)](/about/curated-for-you-landing/?) Close

Removed from saved items

[Saved items (0)](/about/curated-for-you-landing/?) Close

# Associate Consultant Internship

##### Job ID

10401

##### Work area(s)

[Management Consulting](/careers/work-with-us/our-work-areas/management-
consulting/)

##### Team

[General Consulting](/careers/work-with-us/integrated-teams/general-
consulting/)

##### Employment type

Temporary Full-Time

##### Location(s)

[Amsterdam](/offices/amsterdam/) | [Athens](/offices/athens/) | [Atlanta](/offices/atlanta/) | [Austin](/offices/austin/) | [Bangkok](/offices/bangkok/) | [Beijing](/offices/beijing/) | [Bengaluru](/offices/bengaluru/) | [Berlin](/offices/berlin/) | [Bogota](/offices/bogota/) | [Boston](/offices/boston/) \+ 56 offices

[Amsterdam](/offices/amsterdam/) | [Athens](/offices/athens/) | [Atlanta](/offices/atlanta/) | [Austin](/offices/austin/) | [Bangkok](/offices/bangkok/) | [Beijing](/offices/beijing/) | [Bengaluru](/offices/bengaluru/) | [Berlin](/offices/berlin/) | [Bogota](/offices/bogota/) | [Boston](/offices/boston/) | [Brussels](/offices/brussels/) | [Buenos Aires](/offices/buenos-aires/) | [Chicago](/offices/Chicago/) | [Copenhagen](/offices/copenhagen/) | [Dallas](/offices/dallas/) | [Denver](/offices/denver/) | [Doha](/offices/doha/) | [Dubai](/offices/dubai/) | [Dusseldorf](/offices/dusseldorf/) | [Frankfurt](/offices/frankfurt/) | [Helsinki](/offices/helsinki/) | [Ho Chi Minh City](/offices/ho-chi-minh-city/) | [Hong Kong](/offices/hong-kong/) | [Houston](/offices/houston/) | [Istanbul](/offices/istanbul/) | [Jakarta](/offices/jakarta/) | [Kuala Lumpur](/offices/kuala-lumpur/) | [Lagos](/offices/lagos/) | [Lisbon](/offices/lisbon/) | [Los Angeles](/offices/los-angeles/) | [Madrid](/offices/madrid/) | [Manila](/offices/manila/) | [Melbourne](/offices/melbourne/) | [Mexico City](/offices/mexico-city/) | [Milan](/offices/milan/) | [Monterrey](/offices/monterrey/) | [Mumbai](/offices/mumbai/) | [Munich](/offices/munich/) | [New Delhi](/offices/new-delhi/) | [New York](/offices/new-york/) | [Oslo](/offices/oslo/) | [Paris](/offices/paris/) | [Perth](/offices/perth/) | [Rio de Janeiro](/offices/rio-de-janeiro/) | [Riyadh](/offices/riyadh/) | [Rome](/offices/rome/) | [San Francisco](/offices/san-francisco/) | [Santiago](/offices/santiago/) | [São Paulo](/offices/sao-paulo/) | [Seattle](/offices/seattle/) | [Seoul](/offices/seoul/) | [Shanghai](/offices/shanghai/) | [Silicon Valley](/offices/silicon-valley/) | [Singapore](/offices/singapore/) | [Johannesburg](/offices/johannesburg/) | [Stockholm](/offices/stockholm/) | [Sydney](/offices/sydney/) | [Tokyo](/offices/tokyo/) | [Toronto](/offices/toronto/) | [Vienna](/offices/vienna/) | [Warsaw](/offices/warsaw/) | [Washington, DC](/offices/washington-dc/) | [Zurich](/offices/zurich/) | Beirut | Kiev | Lima Show less

[View requirements](/careers/hiring-process/associate-consultant-intern/)
[Apply now](https://careers.bain.com/recruits/signin?folderId=10401)

  * __
  * __
  * __

[View requirements](/careers/hiring-process/associate-consultant-intern/)
[Apply now](https://careers.bain.com/recruits/signin?folderId=10401)

### Description & Requirements

![](https://www.bain.com/globalassets/careers/images/internships--
programs/1.4.x-aci-16-9.jpg)

We invite current students to join our immersive internship. It'll offer broad
exposure to the management consulting industry. You'll be staffed on one of
our case teams and do real work interfacing with clients. If successful in the
internship, it may lead to invitation for interviews or even an offer to join
us as an associate consultant.

This is a unique opportunity to work as an associate consultant at a top
strategy consulting firm. It begins with one week of training after which
point you’ll be staffed on a real case team where your background, opinion,
and insights matter. You’ll own a distinct piece of that project and solve a
challenging problem as a group. Unlike other programs, you’ll work directly on
client cases. If you’re interested in understanding how businesses really make
decisions, this is the place to find out.

__

Exposure to expert consultants

Work alongside some of the best in their field.

Up to a week of intensive training

Your training is led by consultants and true to the actual work.

Work on a case team

Meet with consultants and manage a distinct piece of the project.

Analyze a real issue

Study the client, the market, and the problem, and share your analysis with
leadership.

Present your findings

As a valued member of the team, you’ll share your insights along with everyone
else.

__

  * 1
  * 2

## Try out consulting and know for certain

__

![](/globalassets/careers/images/value_prop_icon.png?width=50&height=50&mode=crop)

Try out consulting

Know for certain if it’ll be a good fit post-graduation.

![](/globalassets/careers/images/value_prop_icon.png?width=50&height=50&mode=crop)

Build relationships with practitioners

Work as a team and leave with lifelong contacts.

![](/globalassets/careers/images/value_prop_icon.png?width=50&height=50&mode=crop)

Countless networking opportunities

Real work means real opportunities for valuable connections.

![](/globalassets/careers/images/value_prop_icon.png?width=50&height=50&mode=crop)

Better your teamwork skills

See how a highly skilled group can work as one.

![](/globalassets/careers/images/value_prop_icon.png?width=50&height=50&mode=crop)

Opportunity to earn a full-time offer

Based on performance, you may be offered an associate consultant position upon
graduation.

__

  * 1
  * 2

![](https://www.bain.com/globalassets/careers/images/internships--
programs/1.4.x-aci-eligibility-16-9.jpg)

This program is typically for current bachelor’s and master’s students with
one full summer left before graduation. The exact deadlines may vary by
region—check [our office information](/careers/hiring-process/associate-
consultant-intern/) for exact details.

**ABOUT YOU:**

The following are typical requirements to apply for the Associate Consultant
Internship. Please check [our office information](/careers/hiring-
process/associate-consultant-intern/ "Office information") for exact
deadlines, application information and internship duration, which may vary by
office

To apply, you'll need to submit the following items, plus any additional
requirements for the main office you wish to join:

  * Resume/CV (Word doc or PDF files only)
  * Educational background information
  * Work experience
  * Relevant test scores (if applicable)
  * Strong academic background and analytical skills, high motivation levels, and outstanding interpersonal skills
  * All disciplines/degrees are welcome
  * Must on track to graduate by June 2026 (if applicable for your office)

**COMPENSATION FOR US APPLICANTS:**

For all locations, the good-faith reasonable annualized full-time compensation
for this role is commensurate with competitive geographic market rates.
Additionally, in some locations compensation may vary based on several factors
including, but not limited to relevant experience, education,
licensure/certifications, training and skill level.

Compensation for this role in the United States includes a monthly base salary
of $9,000 and Bain’s best-in-class benefits package (details listed below).

Bain & Company's comprehensive U.S. benefits and wellness program is designed
to help employees achieve personal independence, protection and stability in
the areas most important to you and your family. Bain pays 100% individual
employee premiums for medical, dental and vision programs, offering one of the
most comprehensive medical plans for employees without impacting your
paycheck.

  * Who is eligible to apply to the ACI program?

Current students who have one full summer left before graduation. The exact
requirements may vary by region—check [our office
information](/careers/hiring-process/associate-consultant-intern/) for exact
details.

  * Do I need to have any experience in consulting to participate?

Not at all. You don’t need any prior experience to be accepted into the ACI
program, nor to get value from it. We encourage you to apply no matter your
area of study or background.

  * If I am not selected for ACI, can I still apply to Bain in the future? How can I stay in touch?

Absolutely, and we encourage it. ACI is a highly selective program. If you are
not selected, we would like to stay connected regarding other roles. You can
find a full list of our virtual and on-campus events [on your school
page.](/careers/work-with-us/students/) You can also [sign up for our monthly
newsletter](https://careers.bain.com/recruits/EventDetail?folderId=60397).

[Return to jobs](/careers/find-a-role/)

  * __
  * __
  * __

[ ![](https://www.bain.com/globalassets/careers/images/in-page-
imagery/2.2-where-we-work-16-9.jpg) Where we work Can you see yourself here?
](/careers/life-at-bain/where-we-work/) [
![](https://www.bain.com/globalassets/careers/images/in-page-
imagery/1.3-students-16-9.jpg) We're on campus Meet a friendly recruiter
](/careers/work-with-us/students/)

### Discover More

  * [See other candidates' career stories](/careers/life-at-bain/supporting-your-growth/career-stories/)
  * [Meet our people](/careers/life-at-bain/our-people/)
  * [Learn about the impact we create for clients](/careers/impact-stories/)

### Related Jobs

#### [Analyst, Bain Capability Network Analytics, Data, & Research | Management Consulting Warsaw See Job ](/careers/find-a-role/position/?jobid=90184)

#### [Expert Consultant, Tech Delivery Management Consulting | Technology & Engineering Bengaluru See Job ](/careers/find-a-role/position/?jobid=91298)

#### [Expert Manager, Tech Delivery Management Consulting | Technology & Engineering Bengaluru See Job ](/careers/find-a-role/position/?jobid=91295)

#### [Associate - Consumer Product Analytics, Data, & Research | Management Consulting New Delhi See Job ](/careers/find-a-role/position/?jobid=90241)

Unsure where to start?

Let us help you find your place.

Save

Save

  * __ Copy link
  * [ __ Email ](mailto:?subject=Sharing content from Bain.com &body=I found the following content on Bain's website and thought you might be interested in it: 

https://www.bain.com/careers/work-with-us/internships-programs/associate-
consultant-internship/ "Email")

  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/icon-linkedin.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fassociate-consultant-internship%2f%3fshare-date%3d19-12-2024 "LinkedIn")
  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/twitter_color.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) X ](https://www.twitter.com/share?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fassociate-consultant-internship%2f "X")
  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/icon-facebook_new.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/share.php?u=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fassociate-consultant-internship%2f "Facebook")

Save

  * __ Copy link
  * [ __ Email ](mailto:?subject=Sharing content from Bain.com &body=I found the following content on Bain's website and thought you might be interested in it: 

https://www.bain.com/careers/work-with-us/internships-programs/associate-
consultant-internship/ "Email")

  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/icon-linkedin.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fassociate-consultant-internship%2f%3fshare-date%3d19-12-2024 "LinkedIn")
  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/twitter_color.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) X ](https://www.twitter.com/share?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fassociate-consultant-internship%2f "X")
  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/icon-facebook_new.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/share.php?u=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fassociate-consultant-internship%2f "Facebook")

Save

