Skip to Content

Content added to saved items

[Saved items (0)](/about/curated-for-you-landing/?) Close

Removed from saved items

[Saved items (0)](/about/curated-for-you-landing/?) Close

# Summer Associate

##### Job ID

10461

##### Work area(s)

[Management Consulting](/careers/work-with-us/our-work-areas/management-
consulting/)

##### Team

[General Consulting](/careers/work-with-us/integrated-teams/general-
consulting/)

##### Employment type

Intern (Full-Time)

##### Location(s)

[Amsterdam](/offices/amsterdam/) | [Athens](/offices/athens/) | [Atlanta](/offices/atlanta/) | [Austin](/offices/austin/) | [Bangkok](/offices/bangkok/) | [Beijing](/offices/beijing/) | [Bengaluru](/offices/bengaluru/) | [Berlin](/offices/berlin/) | [Bogota](/offices/bogota/) | [Boston](/offices/boston/) \+ 56 offices

[Amsterdam](/offices/amsterdam/) | [Athens](/offices/athens/) | [Atlanta](/offices/atlanta/) | [Austin](/offices/austin/) | [Bangkok](/offices/bangkok/) | [Beijing](/offices/beijing/) | [Bengaluru](/offices/bengaluru/) | [Berlin](/offices/berlin/) | [Bogota](/offices/bogota/) | [Boston](/offices/boston/) | [Brussels](/offices/brussels/) | [Buenos Aires](/offices/buenos-aires/) | [Chicago](/offices/Chicago/) | [Copenhagen](/offices/copenhagen/) | [Dallas](/offices/dallas/) | [Denver](/offices/denver/) | [Doha](/offices/doha/) | [Dubai](/offices/dubai/) | [Dusseldorf](/offices/dusseldorf/) | [Frankfurt](/offices/frankfurt/) | [Helsinki](/offices/helsinki/) | [Ho Chi Minh City](/offices/ho-chi-minh-city/) | [Hong Kong](/offices/hong-kong/) | [Houston](/offices/houston/) | [Istanbul](/offices/istanbul/) | [Jakarta](/offices/jakarta/) | [Kuala Lumpur](/offices/kuala-lumpur/) | [Lagos](/offices/lagos/) | [Lisbon](/offices/lisbon/) | [London](/offices/london/) | [Los Angeles](/offices/los-angeles/) | [Madrid](/offices/madrid/) | [Manila](/offices/manila/) | [Melbourne](/offices/melbourne/) | [Mexico City](/offices/mexico-city/) | [Milan](/offices/milan/) | [Monterrey](/offices/monterrey/) | [Mumbai](/offices/mumbai/) | [Munich](/offices/munich/) | [New Delhi](/offices/new-delhi/) | [New York](/offices/new-york/) | [Oslo](/offices/oslo/) | [Paris](/offices/paris/) | [Perth](/offices/perth/) | [Rio de Janeiro](/offices/rio-de-janeiro/) | [Riyadh](/offices/riyadh/) | [Rome](/offices/rome/) | [San Francisco](/offices/san-francisco/) | [Santiago](/offices/santiago/) | [São Paulo](/offices/sao-paulo/) | [Seattle](/offices/seattle/) | [Seoul](/offices/seoul/) | [Shanghai](/offices/shanghai/) | [Silicon Valley](/offices/silicon-valley/) | [Singapore](/offices/singapore/) | [Johannesburg](/offices/johannesburg/) | [Stockholm](/offices/stockholm/) | [Sydney](/offices/sydney/) | [Tokyo](/offices/tokyo/) | [Toronto](/offices/toronto/) | [Vienna](/offices/vienna/) | [Warsaw](/offices/warsaw/) | [Washington, DC](/offices/washington-dc/) | [Zurich](/offices/zurich/) | Kiev | Lima Show less

[View requirements](/careers/hiring-process/summer-associate/) [Apply
now](https://careers.bain.com/recruits/signin?folderId=10461)

  * __
  * __
  * __

[View requirements](/careers/hiring-process/summer-associate/) [Apply
now](https://careers.bain.com/recruits/signin?folderId=10461)

### Description & Requirements

![](https://www.bain.com/globalassets/careers/images/internships--
programs/1.4.x-sa-16-9.jpg)

We invite MBA and advanced degree candidates to join us in one of our offices
for a summer-long paid internship to understand the exciting life of a
strategy consultant. The details vary by office, but all programs will offer
you an opportunity to be staffed on a case team doing real client work that
allows you to have an impact and hone your skills.

This is your opportunity to experience what it's like to work as a strategy
consultant. You’ll participate in several days of training where our team will
help you build your core consulting skills such as business acumen and
communication, then you’ll be staffed on a case team. Throughout that summer,
you'll get to know the people in your office and MBA peers across regions.

__

Real client and industry exposure

Our clients are Fortune 1000 companies, well-known within their industries and
looking to innovate.

Practice your problem solving

Work closely with your case team [and other experts](/about/our-people/) to
help clients tackle complex challenges.

Work as part of a real case team

Join expert consultants of all levels who’ll coach and support you.

Ongoing support and encouragement

Everyone involved wants to see you succeed, and you’ll feel that.

__

  * 1
  * 2

## If successful, you’ll be offered a full-time position

![](/globalassets/careers/images/value_prop_icon.png?width=50&height=50&mode=crop)

Have an impact

You'll be given work that has a palpable influence on the project.

![](/globalassets/careers/images/value_prop_icon.png?width=50&height=50&mode=crop)

Build your community

Leave this program feeling connected to others who share your skills and
interests.

![](/globalassets/careers/images/value_prop_icon.png?width=50&height=50&mode=crop)

An invitation for a full-time role

Successful participants will receive an offer to return as a full-time
consultant in the office you worked in. You won't be required to take
additional assessments or complete separate interviews.

![](https://www.bain.com/globalassets/careers/images/internships--
programs/1.4.x-sa-eligibility-16-9.jpg)

This program is for those studying for their MBA or an advanced degree such as
JD, MD, PhD. This internship will take place in the summer of your penultimate
year. The Summer Associate program is structured for full-time students with a
designated summer/internship break in the summer prior to graduation.

**Application deadline:**

  * The application deadline for most universities is **November 17, 2024**. Please check your [school page](/careers/work-with-us/students/) to confirm your deadline.
  * **Note** : Some offices accept applications for Summer Associate throughout the year. Please check [the details for the office](/careers/hiring-process/summer-associate/ "View requirements") you’re interested in.

**About you:**

The following are typical requirements for the Summer Associate Internship.
Please check [our office information](/careers/hiring-process/summer-
associate/) for exact deadlines, any office-specific requirements and
application information.

  * Studying for an MBA or advanced degree from a top business school or university
  * A solid team player who’s also an independent thinker
  * A robust analytical skillset, endless curiosity and a penchant to think the impossible
  * Must be deadline driven, organized and able to multi-task
  * Strong verbal, written and presentation skills are important
  * Fluency in English
  * Any additional language and visa requirements for the office you wish to join

**Compensation:**

For all locations, the good-faith reasonable annualized full-time compensation
for this role is commensurate with competitive geographic market rates.
Additionally, in some locations compensation may vary based on several factors
including, but not limited to relevant experience, education,
licensure/certifications, training and skill level.

Compensation for this role in the United States includes a monthly base salary
of $16,000 and Bain’s best-in-class benefits package (details listed below).

Bain & Company's comprehensive U.S. benefits and wellness program is designed
to help employees achieve personal independence, protection and stability in
the areas most important to you and your family.

Bain pays 100% individual employee premiums for medical, dental and vision
programs, offering one of the most comprehensive medical plans for employees
without impacting your paycheck.

  * Which office should I apply to?

An office where you’d be thrilled to receive a full-time offer to work. If you
are successful in the program and we extend you an offer, it’ll be for that
office. Also, we encourage you to check our office pages using the Summer
Associate requirements link above for any additional language requirements
before applying.

  * If I apply for this program and am not successful in getting into the program, can I still apply for a full-time role at Bain?

Absolutely. A failed application or interview for the Summer Associate program
will not affect your candidacy during our full-time recruitment; these
processes are entirely separate. Bain reconsiders all Summer Associate
applicants and interviewees during our full-time application review, and
several candidates have received their Bain offers this way in the past.​
Sometimes, those extra few months of case prep and conversations can help. To
keep in touch and hear about new opportunities, join our newsletter.

[Return to jobs](/careers/find-a-role/)

  * __
  * __
  * __

[ ![](https://www.bain.com/globalassets/careers/images/in-page-
imagery/2.2-where-we-work-16-9.jpg) Where we work Can you see yourself here?
](/careers/life-at-bain/where-we-work/) [
![](https://www.bain.com/globalassets/careers/images/in-page-
imagery/1.3-students-16-9.jpg) We're on campus Meet a friendly recruiter
](/careers/work-with-us/students/)

### Discover More

  * [See other candidates' career stories](/careers/life-at-bain/supporting-your-growth/career-stories/)
  * [Meet our people](/careers/life-at-bain/our-people/)
  * [Learn about the impact we create for clients](/careers/impact-stories/)

### Related Jobs

#### [Analyst, Bain Capability Network Analytics, Data, & Research | Management Consulting Warsaw See Job ](/careers/find-a-role/position/?jobid=90184)

#### [Expert Consultant, Tech Delivery Management Consulting | Technology & Engineering Bengaluru See Job ](/careers/find-a-role/position/?jobid=91298)

#### [Expert Manager, Tech Delivery Management Consulting | Technology & Engineering Bengaluru See Job ](/careers/find-a-role/position/?jobid=91295)

#### [Associate - Consumer Product Analytics, Data, & Research | Management Consulting New Delhi See Job ](/careers/find-a-role/position/?jobid=90241)

Unsure where to start?

Let us help you find your place.

Save

Save

  * __ Copy link
  * [ __ Email ](mailto:?subject=Sharing content from Bain.com &body=I found the following content on Bain's website and thought you might be interested in it: 

https://www.bain.com/careers/work-with-us/internships-programs/summer-
associate/ "Email")

  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/icon-linkedin.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fsummer-associate%2f%3fshare-date%3d19-12-2024 "LinkedIn")
  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/twitter_color.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) X ](https://www.twitter.com/share?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fsummer-associate%2f "X")
  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/icon-facebook_new.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/share.php?u=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fsummer-associate%2f "Facebook")

Save

  * __ Copy link
  * [ __ Email ](mailto:?subject=Sharing content from Bain.com &body=I found the following content on Bain's website and thought you might be interested in it: 

https://www.bain.com/careers/work-with-us/internships-programs/summer-
associate/ "Email")

  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/icon-linkedin.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fsummer-associate%2f%3fshare-date%3d19-12-2024 "LinkedIn")
  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/twitter_color.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) X ](https://www.twitter.com/share?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fsummer-associate%2f "X")
  * [ ![](/globalassets/social-icons/icon-facebook_new.png?width=48&height=48&mode=crop) Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/share.php?u=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bain.com%2fcareers%2fwork-with-us%2finternships-programs%2fsummer-associate%2f "Facebook")

Save

