Skip to main content

  * [Home](/en)

  * [Teams](/en/business_categories)

  * [Locations](/en/locations)

  * [Job categories](/en/job_categories)

  * My career
    * [My applications](/applicant/dashboard/applications)
    * [My profile](/user/details)
    * [Account security](https://passport.amazon.jobs/accountInfo)
    * [Settings](/applicant/communication-preferences)
    * [Sign out](/logout)

  * Resources
    * [Disability accommodations](/content/how-we-hire/accommodations)
    * [Benefits](/benefits/global)
    * [Diversity, equity, and inclusion](/content/our-workplace/diversity-and-inclusion)
    * [Interview tips](/content/how-we-hire/interviewing-at-amazon)
    * [Leadership principles](/content/our-workplace/leadership-principles)
    * [Working at Amazon](/content/our-workplace/working-at-amazon)
    * [FAQ](/content/faq)

[×](javascript:void\(0\))

[](javascript:void\(0\))[Amazon Jobs home page](/en)

Search for jobs by title or keyword

search job by location

My career

[My applications ](/applicant/dashboard/applications)[My
profile](/user/details)

[Account
security](https://passport.amazon.jobs/accountInfo)[Settings](/applicant/communication-
preferences)

[Sign out](/logout)

[Amazon Jobs home page](/en)

cancel

Search for jobs by title or keyword

search job by location

Search jobs

# Associate Professional Services Consultant - Early Career Program- UAE
National, AWS

Job ID: 2820154 | Amazon Web Services EMEA Dubai FZ Branch - Q29

[Apply now](https://www.amazon.jobs/applicant/jobs/2820154/apply)

## DESCRIPTION

The program starts in March or September 2025  
  
Are you a UAE National looking to kick start your career as a Technical
Consultant? Do you want to experiment with innovative technologies, including
Cloud Computing, Machine Learning, and Internet of Things? Are you passionate
about educating, training, designing, and building enterprise cloud computing
solutions for a diverse and challenging set of customers?  
  
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is seeking recent graduates, early career
professionals, and advanced career professionals with limited technical
experience interested in jump-starting a career as an Associate Professional
Services Consultant.  
  
Successful hires will be put through the Professional Services Consultant
Graduate Training Program. These are accelerated workforce development
programs focused on helping recent graduates and early career professionals
build technical and professional skills to jump-start technical careers at
AWS. The program features cohort-based training followed by on-the-job-
training. You will complete specialized curriculum, shadow AWS experts, and
receive coaching and on-the-job training to help you succeed in your new role.  
  
Residents will also prepare to take the certification exams for AWS Certified
Cloud Practitioner and AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate. During
the program’s On-the-Job training phase, you will prepare for additional
certifications that align to your role.  
  
Are you ready to embrace the challenge? Come build the future with us.  
  
Associate Professional Services Consultant-  
As an Associate Professional Services Consultant, you will partner with
customers and several AWS teams to craft highly scalable, flexible and
resilient cloud architectures that address customer business problems. As a
trusted customer advocate, you will help organizations understand best
practices around cloud-based solutions, and how to migrate existing workloads
to the cloud. You will have the opportunity to help shape and execute a
strategy to build min-share and broad use of AWS within organizations  
  
The program offers the opportunity to specialize in an area of interest
including:  
  
· DevOps Specialist - A leader in building advanced computing systems that
harness continuous integration/continuous deployment pipelines and utilize the
strengths of cloud computing to build scalable and economical systems for
clients.  
· Cloud Infrastructure Architect - An expert in cloud-based networking and
system rollouts. CIAs specialize in network performance, infrastructure
provisioning, and building Application Programming Interfaces (APIs)  
· Application Developer - AppDev resources are specialists in designing
applications that run natively in the cloud. They are experts in building
programs that run on any number of platforms including virtualized instances,
containers, or server less architecture.  
· Data & Analytics - Data & Analytics role supports our services that leverage
data and produce business insights, which may include using Machine
Learning/Artificial Intelligence (ML/AI). Helping our customers use and
integrate Big Data services in what is arguably our industry’s most exciting
space. The portfolio of services covers EMR (Hadoop), DynamoDB (NoSQL),
MongoDB, and Apache Cassandra  
· Security Consultant - supports our services that have a focus on enabling
security specialists using AWS Services including Identity Access Management
(IAM), GuardDuty, Shield, Key Management Service (KMS), CloudTrail, CloudHSM,
Inspector etc. Within AWS, security is job zero, and we believe that solid
security practices are the foundation for using the Cloud. We are looking for
candidates who are passionate about working with products targeted for
security professionals.  
  
A day in the life of a Professional Services Consultant:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GhXrKj4VH8  
  
About AWS  
  
Diverse Experiences  
AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the
qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage
candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a
traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you
from applying.  
  
Why AWS?  
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly
adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped
innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global
500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their
businesses.  
  
Inclusive Team Culture  
Here at AWS, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led
affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of
our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences, including our
Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity)
conferences, inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.  
  
Mentorship & Career Growth  
We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s
Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship
and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-
rounded professional.  
  
Early Career Talent  
When you join Amazon Web Services as a student or recent graduate, you’ll have
the chance for your voice to be heard and amplified. That’s because our teams
are looking to learn as much from you as you’ll learn from them. Whether
you’re graduating with a high school or equivalent diploma, associate degree,
bachelor’s degree, MBA, or PhD, we offer a range of early career opportunities
across the globe.  
  
  

## BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

\- A degree in Computer Science / Engineering / Mathematics / Technology /
Related science/technical field OR equivalent training, certifications, and/or
experience (0-2 years).  
\- Interest and aptitude to learn about and deliver cloud-based solutions to
customers.  
\- Experience with one of the programming languages like Java, Python, Ruby,
Node.js, C#, or C++ OR the interest and technical ability to learn a
programming language.  
\- UAE National with a family book

## PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

\- Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly.  
\- Experience with Networking fundamentals including Security, Storage or
Databases (Relational and/or NoSQL), Operating Systems (Unix, Linux, and/or
Windows)  
\- Experience with software development lifecycle (SDLC) and agile/iterative
methodologies; Experience with infrastructure as code, ops automation, and
configuration management tools such as Chef, Puppet, or Ansible.  
  
\- Experience around implementing cloud-based technology solutions - in a
school project or while working for a company.  
  
  
  
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our
customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or
adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for
the interview or onboarding process, please visit
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more
information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please
contact your Recruiting Partner.

## Job details

  *     * ARE, Dubai

  * [Solutions Architect](/en/job_categories/solutions-architect)

## Related jobs

  * [Senior Solutions Architect, AWS, MENAT](/en/jobs/2858118/senior-solutions-architect-aws-menat)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** December 19, 2024 (Updated about 9 hours ago)

  * [Enterprise Sppt Mgr, GTSS](/en/jobs/2856699/enterprise-sppt-mgr-gtss)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** December 18, 2024 (Updated 1 day ago)

  * [Principal Specialist Solutions Architect, Media, Entertainment, Games & Sports ](/en/jobs/2856609/principal-specialist-solutions-architect-media-entertainment-games-sports)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** December 18, 2024 (Updated 1 day ago)

  * [2025 Graduate Associate Solutions Architect- UAE National, AWS](/en/jobs/2813574/2025-graduate-associate-solutions-architect-uae-national-aws)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** October 24, 2024 (Updated 13 days ago)

  * [Associate Professional Services Consultant Intern 2025- UAE National, AWS](/en/jobs/2812507/associate-professional-services-consultant-intern-2025-uae-national-aws)

**Location:** ARE, Dubai

**Posted:** October 23, 2024 (Updated 13 days ago)

## Share this job

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2820154%2Fassociate-professional-services-consultant-early-career-program-uae-national-aws)
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2820154%2Fassociate-professional-services-consultant-early-career-program-uae-national-aws&title=Associate%20Professional%20Services%20Consultant%20-%20%20Early%20Career%20Program-%20UAE%20National%2C%20AWS&summary=The%20program%20starts%20in%20March%20or%20September%202025%3Cbr%2F%3E%20%3Cbr%2F%3EAre%20you%20a%20UAE%20National%20looking%20to%20kick%20start%20your%20career%20as%20a%20Technical%20Consultant%3F%20Do%20you%20want%20to%20experiment%20with%20innovative%20technologies%2C%20including%20Cloud%20Computing%2C%20Machine%20Learning%2C%20and...)
  * [](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2820154)
  * [](mailto:?body=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.jobs%2Fen%2Fjobs%2F2820154&subject=Take%20a%20look%20at%20this%20job)
  * 

###### JOIN US ON

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/InsideAmazon/?Amazon.jobs=footer)
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/amazon?Amazon.jobs=footer)
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/insideamazon/?Amazon.jobs=footer)
  * [](https://twitter.com/amazonnews?Amazon.jobs=footer)

###### Find Careers

  * [Job Categories](/en/job_categories)
  * [Teams](/en/business_categories)
  * [Locations](/en/locations)
  * [US and EU Military recruiting](/en/military)
  * [Warehouse and Hourly Jobs](/en/landing_pages/hourly-jobs)

###### Working At Amazon

  * [Culture](/en/landing_pages/working-at-amazon)
  * [Benefits](/en/benefits)
  * [Amazon Newsletter](https://email.aboutamazon.com/l/637851/2020-10-29/pd87g?utm_campaign=newslettersubscribers&utm_content=amazonnewssignup&utm_medium=amazonjobs&utm_source=footer)
  * [Diversity at Amazon](/en/diversity)
  * [Our leadership principles](/en/principles)

###### Help

  * [FAQ](/en/faqs)
  * [Interview tips](/en/landing_pages/interviewing-at-amazon#onlineapp)
  * [Review application status](https://www.amazon.jobs/applicant/check_application_status)
  * [Disability accommodations](/en/disability/us)
  * [EU background checks](/en/eu_background_checks)

[ ____English](javascript:void\(0\))

Čeština Deutsch English English, British Español Français Italiano 日本語 Polski
Português, Brasil 简体中文

ČeštinaDeutschEnglishEnglish,
BritishEspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語PolskiPortuguês, Brasil简体中文

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national
origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status,
disability, age, or other legally protected status.

[Privacy and Data](/en/privacy_page)[Impressum](/en/impressum)

© 1996-2024, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

