  * ··· __

  * [Teams](/en/functions)
  * ··· __

  * [Locations](/en/footprint)
  * ··· __

  * [Blog](/en/blog)
  * ··· __

  * [Early Careers](/en/campus)
  * ··· __

  * [Jobs](/en/position)
  * ··· __

[Sign in](/en/login)

Bytedance, Back-end Engineer, Graduate Dubai 2025

Dubai

Regular

R&D

Bachelor/Master Graduates- 2025 Start

Job ID: A252112

Responsibilities

Founded in 2012, ByteDance's mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life.
With a suite of more than a dozen products, including TikTok, as well as
platforms specific to the China market, including Toutiao, Douyin, and Xigua,
ByteDance has made it easier and more fun for people to connect with, consume,
and create content. Why Join Us Creation is the core of ByteDance's purpose.
Our products are built to help imaginations thrive. This is doubly true of the
teams that make our innovations possible. Together, we inspire creativity and
enrich life - a mission we aim towards achieving every day. To us, every
challenge, no matter how ambiguous, is an opportunity; to learn, to innovate,
and to grow as one team. Status quo? Never. Courage? Always. At ByteDance, we
create together and grow together. That's how we drive impact - for ourselves,
our company, and the users we serve. Join us. We are looking for talented
individuals to join us as a graduate in 2025. Our Graduate program offers
students industry exposure and hands-on experience. Watch your ambitions
become reality as your inspiration brings infinite opportunities at Bytedance.
We are committed to creating globally competitive products for ByteDance to
enhance efficiency and thereby reduce costs. Within our team, we focus on 1)
building a comprehensive global procurement system and 2) an efficient global
travel service platform for all ByteDancers. We strive to create a
differentiated product and make an impact by exploring industry-leading
practices and innovating through the integration of artificial intelligence
technologies. Responsibilities: \- Provide backend service expertise in
developing new features by working closely with design, product and other
cross-functional teams \- Contribute to overall system design and code quality
improvement. \- Improve product quality through bug fixes, performance
analysis and tuning. \- Collaborate with product and engineering teams in
Asia.

Qualifications

Minimum requirements: \- Bachelor's degree or above in Computer Science or
related fields, graduating in 2025. \- Studying Software Development, Computer
Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical discipline \- Good
computing foundation, highly proficient in at least one of the programming
languages: Golang, Java, and Python \- A strong developer and a great problem
solver who thrives in a fast-paced environment \- English professional
language proficiency is required Preferred requirements: \- Experience with or
knowledge of messaging middleware, relational database and common backend
architecture \- Passion for building a large-scale product with incredible
performance, stability, and elegant user experience. \- Strong curiosity to
learn new things and willingness to explore outside of the comfort zone.
ByteDance is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are
valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform
connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At ByteDance,
our mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. To achieve that goal, we
are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment
that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and
hope you are too.

Apply

Share to

[](http://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?url=https%3A%2F%2Fjobs.bytedance.com%2Fen%2Fposition%2F7398134771819235622%2Fdetail)[](http://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fjobs.bytedance.com%2Fen%2Fposition%2F7398134771819235622%2Fdetail)[](https://twitter.com/share?url=https%3A%2F%2Fjobs.bytedance.com%2Fen%2Fposition%2F7398134771819235622%2Fdetail)

Contact us:

[Website Support](mailto:website-support@bytedance.com)[Interview
Feedback](mailto:hr-
advice@bytedance.com)[Disclosure](//sf16-sg.tiktokcdn.com/obj/eden-
sg/ha_lm_lswvlw/ljhwZthlaukjlkulzlp/portal/reunion/US_TIC.pdf)

Related website:

[ByteDance](https://bytedance.com/en)|[Careers at
TikTok](https://careers.tiktok.com?lang=en)|[Careers in
China](https://job.bytedance.com/society)

Follow
us:[__](https://www.facebook.com/ByteDance-180274429346830/)[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/bytedance/)[![youtube](//lf-
package-sg.feishucdn.com/obj/atsx-throne-sg/atsx-
fe/oversea/assets/2c8e97112ccbb659e99e08fbe2b78cc9.png)](https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCg7lNDgjqMn9GjYgPPtpOrw)

[Privacy Policy](https://sf16-sg.tiktokcdn.com/obj/eden-
sg/upsnuhpevbn/bytedance_official/PrivacyPolicy_ByteDance.com.pdf) © 2012-2024
ByteDance

English|日本語

