-

![](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/MAFMAFGLOBAL/images/peoplecareersexplorejobs-1695637838429.jpg)

# Search Results

Lorem Ipsum

Search job title

  * Job Categories

No suggestions available

Location

No Locations found

Search

## Sorry... no active job openings, please come back later.

Loading...

## Explore all careers

We give you the tools you need to discover your perfect job match, and the
freedom and support to take your career to the next level.

[![](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/MAFMAFGLOBAL/images/LYNN2053-1718179508530.jpg)Legal,
Finance & Audit33 available
jobs](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/c/legal-finance-audit-jobs)

[![](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/MAFMAFGLOBAL/images/BusinessandCorporateDevelopment-1695222518535.jpg)Business
Operations, Procurement & Logistics25 available
jobs](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/c/business-operations-
procurement-logistics-jobs)

[![](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/MAFMAFGLOBAL/images/LYNN2101-1709274320256.jpg)Human
Capital and Sustainability23 available
jobs](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/c/human-capital-and-
sustainability-jobs)

[![](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/MAFMAFGLOBAL/images/77bb813f-b87d-42b2-889e-1c65b546c9dd-1713346422401.png)Sales,
Service & Store Operations23 available
jobs](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/c/sales-service-store-
operations-jobs)

View all

Skip to Search results

## Filters

Close Filter

### Category

Category

  * Legal, Finance & Audit (33)jobs

  * Business Operations, Procurement & Logistics (25)jobs

  * Human Capital and Sustainability (23)jobs

  * Sales, Service & Store Operations (23)jobs

  * Marketing, Communications, and CX (18)jobs

  * Other (18)jobs

  * Architecture, Engineering & Project Management (8)jobs

  * Real Estate & Property Development (6)jobs

  * Digital & Technology (4)jobs

  * Strategy, Investment & Business Development (1)job

### Country

Country

  * Egypt (72)jobs

  * United Arab Emirates (60)jobs

  * Saudi Arabia (8)jobs

  * Jordan (4)jobs

  * Oman (4)jobs

  * Georgia (3)jobs

  * Lebanon (3)jobs

  * Qatar (3)jobs

  * Iraq (1)job

  * Kenya (1)job

### City

City

  * Cairo (71)jobs

  * Dubai (55)jobs

  * Riyadh (8)jobs

  * Amman (5)jobs

  * Muscat (4)jobs

  * Doha (3)jobs

  * Sharjah (3)jobs

  * Beirut (2)jobs

  * Nairobi (2)jobs

  * Tbilisi (2)jobs

  * Abu Dhabi (1)job

  * Data Migration_Lebanon (1)job

  * Kirkuk (1)job

  * Unspecified (1)job

### Job Type

Job Type

  * Regular (140)jobs

  * Temporary (1)job

  * Unspecified (18)jobs

### Location

Search in Location

[Clear text](javascript:void\(0\))

  * Location

Distance:501milesDistance:500+miles

Clear filters[View jobs(159)](javascript:void\(0\))

## Create Job Alert

NOTE: Use refine search filters above to get better job alerts

Email Address

You'll get emails:

DailyWeeklyMonthly

Create Job Alert

Manage Alerts

## Your email is on its way...

We have emailed you link to access your profile.

## Showing 159 results for "graduate"

159 results found

No result found

Showing 11-20of159results

Most RelevantMost Recent

jobs sorted by Most relevant

[Filter](javascript:void\(0\))

### [UAE National - Senior Associate Graduate Development
Program](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/job/16793/UAE-National-
Senior-Associate-Graduate-Development-Program)

Location :  Dubai

Category :  Digital & Technology

undefined :  4

undefined :  Regular

Support driving new business development projects for MAF Retail in order to
achieve sustainable growth. Support business strategy by focusing on
recruitment, talent management and people development,...

[Apply
Now](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=MAFMAFGLOBAL16793EXTERNALENGLOBAL)

### [Manager - Human
Capital](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/job/17263/Manager-Human-
Capital)

Location :  Dubai

Category :  Human Capital and Sustainability

undefined :  4

undefined :  Regular

The role holder will direct and facilitate the delivery of key HC services and
infrastructure in line with the global HC strategy for efficient and effective
services at multi-levels in addition to ef...

[Apply
Now](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=MAFMAFGLOBAL17263EXTERNALENGLOBAL)

### [Area Manager -
FMCG](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/job/17441/Area-Manager-
FMCG)

Location :  Dubai

Category :  Business Operations, Procurement & Logistics

undefined :  4

undefined :  Regular

Area managers are also responsible for assessing financial and administrative
processes in the stores. Guarantee with the store manager, the respect of
advertising plans and rules of communication, an...

[Apply
Now](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=MAFMAFGLOBAL17441EXTERNALENGLOBAL)

### [Manager - Supply
Chain](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/job/17304/Manager-Supply-
Chain)

Location :  Dubai

Category :  Business Operations, Procurement & Logistics

undefined :  4

undefined :  Regular

The role holder will ensure smooth, efficient and cost-effective supply chain
processes for the grocery business. Manage and control supply chain costs,
ensuring effective cost-saving initiatives whil...

[Apply
Now](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=MAFMAFGLOBAL17304EXTERNALENGLOBAL)

### [Senior
Buyer](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/job/17159/Senior-Buyer)

Location :  Dubai

Category :  Business Operations, Procurement & Logistics

undefined :  Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle

undefined :  Regular

The Senior Buyer is responsible for sourcing and buying at optimum cost,
quality and availability, product ranges that meet customer needs thereby
maximizing profits and providing a commercially viabl...

[Apply
Now](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=MAFMAFGLOBAL17159EXTERNALENGLOBAL)

### [Mall Operations Specialist - Emirati
Talents](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/job/15244/Mall-
Operations-Specialist-Emirati-Talents)

Location :  Dubai

Category :  Other

undefined :  3

Minimum 2 years of work experience in managing Mall Operations / maintenance,
Safety & Security, and Facilities management preferably in a reputed large
shopping malls / Real Estate company in GCC or...

[Apply
Now](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=MAFMAFGLOBAL15244EXTERNALENGLOBAL)

### [Senior Procurement
Specialist](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/job/6540/Senior-
Procurement-Specialist)

Location :  Dubai

Category :  Other

undefined :  3

undefined :  Regular

Working closely with the Procurement Category Leads on fulfilling the
individual Category Plans Skills/Experience. Working knowledge of Procurement
and Contract Management related software a plus. Exp...

[Apply
Now](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=MAFMAFGLOBAL6540EXTERNALENGLOBAL)

### [Customer Service Officer, City Centre
Deira](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/job/17347/Customer-
Service-Officer-City-Centre-Deira)

Location :  Dubai

Category :  Sales, Service & Store Operations

undefined :  3

undefined :  Regular

Maintain up to date knowledge of the AMBU operating assets (shopping centre’s)
services, amenities/facilities, stores/locations, mall layout and any on-
going/upcoming promotional activities, to ensure...

[Apply
Now](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=MAFMAFGLOBAL17347EXTERNALENGLOBAL)

### [Front Desk Customer Service - Emirati
Talents](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/job/15210/Front-Desk-
Customer-Service-Emirati-Talents)

Location :  Dubai

Category :  Other

undefined :  3

Ensure smooth day to day operations of the Customer Service Information Desk
under the direction and guidance of Supervisor and Team leader and in
accordance with the established Customer Service proc...

[Apply
Now](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=MAFMAFGLOBAL15210EXTERNALENGLOBAL)

### [Customer Service Officer - Emirati
Talents](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/job/15188/Customer-
Service-Officer-Emirati-Talents)

Location :  Dubai

Category :  Other

undefined :  3

Ensure smooth day to day operations of the Customer Service Information Desk
under the direction and guidance of Supervisor and Team leader and in
accordance with the established Customer Service proc...

[Apply
Now](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=MAFMAFGLOBAL15188EXTERNALENGLOBAL)

  * [Prev](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/search-results?keywords=graduate&s=1)
  * [1](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/search-results?keywords=graduate&s=1)
  * [2](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/search-results?keywords=graduate&from=10&s=1)
  * [3](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/search-results?keywords=graduate&from=20&s=1)
  * [4](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/search-results?keywords=graduate&from=30&s=1)
  * [5](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/search-results?keywords=graduate&from=40&s=1)
  * [Next](https://careers.majidalfuttaim.com/global/en/search-results?keywords=graduate&from=20&s=1)

e8b245df57aa49f7970e175330f67eef

chatbot ]

![](https://cdn-bot.phenompeople.com/assets/icons/icon_3.svg)

Your data will be collected for the purpose of recruitment. It may also be
shared with our group affiliates Please read our [Candidate Privacy Notice
](https://privacy-
center.majidalfuttaim.com/client/87895454-4cf4-2256-9cbb-a1e7a12d5225#/recruitment-
privacy-notice)to see how we are storing and protecting your data.  

Today 06:15 pm

Bot message

Hi! Are you looking for a job?

Find a job

Ask a question

Chatbot User Input Box

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/ot_company_logo.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.

User ID:  d1e23ed9-f14e-4628-9d64-3c22e78abd52

Allow All

### MANAGE COOKIES/SDK CONSENT PREFERENCE

Strictly Necessary

#### Strictly Necessary

Always Active

Necessary cookies enable the website to function properly and cannot be
switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions
made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your
privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser
to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not
then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Functional

#### Functional

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

