Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your
experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs
smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience.
To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept
all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d
like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection,
visit our [Cookie Policy](/content/Cookie-Policy/?locale=en_GB "Cookie
Policy")

Manage Cookies

Reject All Accept All

Press Tab to Move to Skip to Content Link

Skip to main content

[ ![](//rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/ed9a3beb-b57b-4838-aeca-1.png)
](/Home)

[Employee Login](javascript:;)

[ ![](//rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/ed9a3beb-b57b-4838-aeca-1.png)
](/Home)

[Employee Login](javascript:;)

[ ![SCB](//rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/6c418eac-00f7-48df-8f71-b.png)
](/Home "Standard Chartered Bank")

Language

  * [English (United Kingdom)](https://jobs.standardchartered.com?locale=en_GB)
  * [English (United States)](https://jobs.standardchartered.com?locale=en_US)
  * [한국어 (대한민국)](https://jobs.standardchartered.com?locale=ko_KR)

Sign In

[Employee Login](javascript:;)

Search by Keyword __

Search by Location __

[Show More Options](javascript:void\(0\))

Loading...

* * *

Region

All

Market

All

Grade

All

[Clear]()

Select how often (in days) to receive an alert:

__Create Alert

×

Select how often (in days) to receive an alert:

[Apply now »](/talentcommunity/apply/810608102/?locale=en_GB)

# 2025 Intern Financial Markets South Africa

![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/e86b059e-a84a-4f8d-9e6e-1.svg)
Job ID:  16641

![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/240a1364-6306-4b99-82ab-f.svg)
Location:  Dubai, AE

![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/e4534695-4b4c-476a-b437-3.svg)
Area of interest:  Financial Markets

![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/095ad27c-646e-4143-a1d2-5.svg)
Job type:  Employee Intern

![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/1137b781-df86-44ed-8b9d-b.svg)
Work style:  Office Working

![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/72eb7798-f89f-44b3-a51e-1.svg)
Opening date:  3 Jan 2025

[ Apply now > ](/talentcommunity/apply/155408152/)

![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/cbc9b966-0673-48aa-9a59-2.png)

#  Title:  2025 Intern Financial Markets South Africa

16641

Dubai, AE

Financial Markets

Employee Intern

Office - Full Time

3 Jan 2025

## **Markets Intern 2025**

Our Markets business is part of our Corporate and Investment Banking (CIB)
function. We provide clients with risk management, financing and investment
expertise, through bespoke solutions across asset classes and building trusted
relationships in various industries and sectors.

We provide clients with an in-depth knowledge of local markets as well as our
global product expertise to offer the best financial solutions. We also offer
access to a wide range of currency markets, local market information,
efficient risk management strategies, and capital raising as well as liquidity
management solutions for our clients.

Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB) at Standard Chartered Bank gives you the
opportunity to be more. You can be more innovative, empowered, and impactful
and take your career as far as you want it to go. We’re a place where ambition
meets impact, which means you’ll be able to work on challenging projects,
learn new skills and make a meaningful difference to the world.

We support local and large corporations, governments, banks and investors with
their transaction banking, financial markets and borrowing needs.

We provide solutions to more than 20,000 clients in some of the world’s
fastest-growing economies and most active trade corridors. Our clients operate
or invest across 50 markets across the globe.

Our strong and deep local presence enables us to help co-create bespoke
financing solutions and connect our clients multilaterally to investors,
suppliers, buyers and sellers.

Our products and services enable our clients to move capital, manage risk and
invest to create wealth. Our clients represent a large and important part of
the economies we serve. CIB is at the heart of the Group’s purpose to drive
commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity.

## **About the programme**

Our 10-week Internship Programme gives you the opportunity to gain first-hand
experience working on real-world problems, hone your skills, create lasting
relationships, gain insights, and discover your strengths. Throughout the
programme, you'll acquire the skills for immediate success, as well as
understand what's required for the future as our industry and your career
evolve. A strong performance on the programme could lead to a graduate job
offer.

## **What you’ll experience**

Through this immersive programme, you'll learn about our CIB products, how
they’re structured, how we manage varying risk types, and the processes and
people needed to support our clients. You’ll also experience:  
  
• A one-day orientation introducing you to the bank and your fellow interns  
• Four days of classroom instruction to learn about our products, our
business, and our bankers  
• On-the-job training and technical seminars to support your learning  
• Performance reviews and support of managers, mentors, and buddies  
• Presentations by senior management (speaker series) and engagement with
executive management  
• Networking within the CIB business function and across divisions  
• Engaging in community service  
  
Interns will perform two rotations from the following areas: Sales, Trading,
Structuring and Research.  

**Sales** develop and maintain relationships with institutional clients and
pitch investment strategies that meet their needs. They work across teams to
develop and execute orders, bringing knowledge of asset classes, clients,
market trends, and risk management.  

**Traders** make market positions and buy and sell securities on behalf of
clients and the Bank. To navigate market dynamics and balance profit and risk
considerations, excellent mathematical skills are necessary.  

**Structuring** specialises in modelling and complex asset classes and
creating, pricing, and marketing complicated products to clients. From
marketing strategies to trade execution, they partner with sales and trading
colleagues.  

**Business Platforms and Partnerships** are responsible for the development,
commercialisation, delivery and implementation of financial market products to
support revenue growth.  

Our **research** roles provide data-driven investment opportunities, market
insights, and risk management advice to the trading floor through in-depth
analysis and insight across assets and markets.

## **Eligibility**

We welcome students from all degree disciplines and encourage applicants from
diverse backgrounds. We’re looking for team players with excellent academic
achievements and extracurricular activities, agile multi-taskers who can
handle pressure, analytical minds with numeracy and attention to detail, and
enjoyment of fast paced, dynamic environments . Our more technical positions
will suit individuals with Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics
and Statistical proficiency.

You’ll be a penultimate year student, able to intern in June 2025* and start
full time employment in July 2026, with the permanent legal right to work in
the country you’re applying to .

## **Exceptions**

• In UK and UAE, we consider candidates requiring visa sponsorship. In UAE,
priority is given to UAE nationals.  
• For US Graduate roles, we will not consider applicants seeking Optional
Practical Training (OPT) or Curricular Practical Training (CPT) employment.  

*Internships in India start in April  

## **About Standard Chartered**

We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For
more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our
clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a
challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than
before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a
bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to
celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can
bring us.

Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity,
together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we
each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we
value difference and advocate inclusion.

Together we:

  * **Do the right thing** and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do
  * **Never settle,** continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well
  * **Are better together,** we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term

## **What we offer**

**In line with our Fair Pay Charter,** we offer a competitive salary and
benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.

  * **Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,** with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.
  * **Time-off** including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.
  * **Flexible working** options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.
  * **Proactive wellbeing support** through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits
  * **A continuous learning culture** to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.
  * **Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,** one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.

## **Recruitment Assessments**

Some of our roles use assessments to help us understand how suitable you are
for the role you've applied to. If you are invited to take an assessment, this
is great news. It means your application has progressed to an important stage
of our recruitment process.

Visit our careers website [www.sc.com/careers](https://www.sc.com/en/global-
careers/)

_[www.sc.com/careers](https://www.sc.com/en/global-
careers/?utm_source=successfactors&utm_content=jd "www.sc.com/careers")_

16641

[ Apply now > ](/talentcommunity/apply/155408152/)  
  

![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/c8b49a7c-c5b9-41cd-89d9-2.png)
[Back to search results]()

[Apply now »](/talentcommunity/apply/810608102/?locale=en_GB)

Find similar jobs:

[ ![](//rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/6842f268-8785-46a6-96b7-9.png)
](/Home)

  * [ ![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/31698e87-2b0d-462f-ac34-4.png) ](https://www.facebook.com/standardchartered "facebook")
  * [ ![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/eb7b7237-ca7a-4949-8e57-7.png) ](https://www.instagram.com/stanchart/ "instagram")
  * [ ![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/4b5ba0a7-3038-4854-bdea-1.png) ](https://twitter.com/stanchart "X")
  * [ ![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/4fb2fc1f-92e0-4791-b18e-8.png) ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/standardchartered/ "linkedin")
  * [ ![](https://rmkcdn.successfactors.com/41234125/a200c5c9-c3e9-46db-bb4a-a.png) ](https://www.youtube.com/standardchartered "youtube")

© Standard Chartered 2024.  
All rights reserved.

×

## Cookie preferences

Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You
can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our
homepage.

### Stricly necessary cookies (always active)

Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are
always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.

____Show More Details

Stricly necessary cookies (always active) Provider | Description | Enabled  
---|---|---  
SAP as service provider |  We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:  

  * "route" is used for session stickiness
  * "careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
  * "JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
  * "Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another

|  
  
* * *

### Advertising Cookies

To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies
help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data
collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms,
to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.

____Show More Details

Advertising Cookies Provider | Description | Enabled  
---|---|---  
LinkedIn |  LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy "opens in new
window or tab")  
[Cookie Table](https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/cookie-table "opens in new
window or tab")  
[Privacy Policy](https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy "opens in new
window or tab")  
[Terms and Conditions](https://www.linkedin.com/legal/user-agreement "opens in new window or tab") |   
Google Analytics |  Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.  
[Cookie Information](https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies "opens
in new window or tab")  
[Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy "opens in new window or
tab")  
[Terms and Conditions](https://policies.google.com/terms "opens in new window or tab") |   
Google Tag Manager |  Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.  
[Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy "opens in new window or
tab")  
[Terms and Conditions](https://policies.google.com/terms "opens in new window or tab") |   
  
Save & close

Reject All Accept All

