Skip to main content

-

![pg-
job](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/PGBPGNGLOBAL/images/pg-
job-1678362960255.png)

# Brand Management Internship 2025

Location __Dubai, United Arab Emirates Category __Brand Management/Marketing
Job Id __R000119873 Job Type __Full time **** __Internships

[ Apply Now  ](https://pg.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/1000/job/Dubai/Brand-
Management-Internship-2025_R000119873/apply?source=RS_LINKEDIN)

__ Save job

[ __ Back to search results  ]( "Back to search results")

__ Previous job  Next job  __

JOB DESCRIPTION

**Job Location**

Dubai

**Job Description**

Do you want to work with brands that millions of consumers can’t live without?
Do you want to gain work experience with the company that invented the concept
of brands and brand management, and set the path for your future career?

If so, our Brand Management Summer Internship is the perfect opportunity for
you to apply to!

  
Our Marketing and Brand Management teams are the vision and strategy behind
each of our brands. They help to develop marketing plans and identify specific
marketing tactics to build on consumer, shopper and customer insights. Their
expertise and creative tactics will help win the devotion of our consumers and
grow our brands profitably. Together, they build the world's leading brand
experiences and make a difference for nearly 5 billion consumers.

## ** _What To Expect:_**

During your summer internship you will get a first-hand experience of what a
career in marketing with P&G involves, and if it is right for you. You will be
working on live business problems, and you will be expected to make relevant
contributions to the growth of our brands. You will be expected to dive right
in and take the lead on your projects from the beginning.

Each intern receives a customized learning plan to ensure they get the right
levels of coaching, mentoring and formal training as they deliver their work.
If you are looking for an exciting and challenging experience, have a passion
for winning, strong leadership credentials and an interest in pursuing a
career at P&G – this internship is for you.

This role is based at our office in **Dubai.**

## **_What You Will Gain:_**

  * **Responsibilities and Real Work from Day 1: ** You will be given specific projects and responsibilities working on real and live business challenges, just like a true P&Ger.

  * **Continuous training & coaching: **You will work with passionate people and receive both formal training as well as day-to-day mentoring from your manager.

  * **Dynamic and respectful work environment: ** Employees are at the core, we value every individual and encourage initiatives, promoting flexible working arrangements and work/life balance. 

  * **Compensation & Benefits: ** A job with P&G offers a competitive salary as well as other great benefits such as a great pension and share schemes.

  * **Full-time Role:** Successful interns have the potential to secure a full-time position with P&G after graduation. As a **'build from within'** company, our people start at entry level and progress through the organization. When we make a job offer, it’s with the expectation that you will grow into one of our future leaders, and to help you get there, you will work closely with skilled P&G veterans for mentoring and coaching at every step.

**Job Qualifications**

## ** _What We Look For:_**

  * University undergraduates who will complete their degree between June 2026 - January 2027.

  * UAE Nationals are preferred. GCC Nationals or UAE residency holders with minimum of 6 months validity from the start date of the internship are also eligible. Only student residency or family sponsorship are eligible, work/company sponsorship will not be considered - **********_this is a must_**** ** ****

  * Evidence of passion and achievements in academic and/or non-academic activities. Tell us what you’re proud of – be it playing a musical instrument or holding down a job alongside your studies. We want to get to know you!

  * Demonstrated leadership skills and analytical capability.

  * Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

  * Fluency in English, Arabic is a plus

  * Passionate about pursuing a career at P&G after graduation

The internship will be in Summer 2025, for a minimum of 10 weeks. Apply soon
to secure your chance, we may close early if all roles are filled.

## **At P &G #weseeequal**

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. At
P&G we strive to build a culture where everyone feels welcome, included, and
able to bring their full selves to work.

We champion social mobility and believe socio-economic status should not be a
barrier to accessing job opportunities. That’s why in addition to this
internship being paid, we offer provision of all the necessary technology and
electronic equipment, access to a range of benefits, and financial support if
you need to relocate for your internship - such as covering the cost of travel
to your internship location.

We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable
accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process.
Please click [here](https://faq.pgwebtools.com/disability-accommodation-
request/?fl_builder) if you require an accommodation during the application
process. Please make sure to wait to hear back from us regarding your
accommodation before proceeding with the online assessment, we thank you in
advance for your patience.

**Job Schedule**

Full time

**Job Number**

R000119873

**Job Segmentation**

Internships (Job Segmentation)

__Explore Location

[ __ Close the popup  ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ Apply Now ](https://pg.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/1000/job/Dubai/Brand-
Management-Internship-2025_R000119873/apply?source=RS_LINKEDIN)

__ Save job

##  Get notified for similar jobs

You'll receive updates once a week

Enter Email address (Required)

Opt-in to receive news and updates about P&G careers and roles by email. *
Opt-in to allow P&G to share your personal information with its advertising
partners to show you, and others like you, news and updates about P&G careers
and roles through online channels such as LinkedIn, Instagram, Meta, Facebook,
Google, TikTok, and YouTube.  
  
You can opt out of the above communications and/or information sharing at any
time. For more details on opting out and to learn more how P&G processes your
personal information, please see [P&G’s Global Candidate Privacy
Notice](https://privacypolicy.pg.com/employee/candidate/).

Submit

Success! Successfully subscribed for similar jobs  Failure! You have already
subscribed for this job  Failure! Failed to subscribed for similar jobs

[ Manage alerts  ](javascript:void\(0\))

__

### Success!

Successfully subscribed for similar jobs

Ok

__

### Failure!

Ok

##  Get tailored job recommendations based on your interests.

Get Started

__ profile icon

![loading](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/PGBPGNGLOBAL/en_global/desktop/assets/images/loader.gif)

##  Profile recommendations

See more  __

Show less  __ See next  __ See even more  __

No recommendations found

##  Similar Jobs

See more  __

See less  __ See next  __ See even more  __

No recommendations found

##  Jobseekers Also Viewed

  * [ Sales Management Internship 2025  ](https://www.pgcareers.com/global/en/job/R000120273/Sales-Management-Internship-2025)

Location __ Dubai, United Arab Emirates  Category __ Sales

__

  * [ Sales Internship Program - Riyadh  ](https://www.pgcareers.com/global/en/job/R000119420/Sales-Internship-Program-Riyadh)

__ Available in 2 locations  Category __ Sales

__

  * [ P&G 2025 Internship Program  ](https://www.pgcareers.com/global/en/job/R000120397/P-G-2025-Internship-Program)

__ Available in 5 locations  Category __ Multi-Functional

__

  * [ Digital Commerce Brand Manger  ](https://www.pgcareers.com/global/en/job/R000121522/Digital-Commerce-Brand-Manger)

Location __ Mumbai, Maharashtra, India  Category __ Brand Management/Marketing

__

  * [ Finance & Accounting Management Internship 2025  ](https://www.pgcareers.com/global/en/job/R000119959/Finance-Accounting-Management-Internship-2025)

Location __ Dubai, United Arab Emirates  Category __ Finance and Accounting

__

No recommendations found

Share this Opportunity

  * __ Share via Facebook
  * __ Share via twitter
  * __ Share via LinkedIn
  * __ Share via email

###  Share job link

__

To your colleagues or friends

Cancel  Copy Link

af1e798db48840ae94a7f73bb8972bc8

1 new message from chatbot![](https://d1b9xwwlt0lrqx.cloudfront.net/dev/bot-
icons/prod-ir-PGBPGNGLOBAL-en_global-cx-web-chatbotavatar-1707306431835.png)

Hi! Are you interested in this job?

Close chatbot notification

I'm interested

Find similar jobs

استخدام ملفات تعريف الارتباط - نستخدم نحن وشركاؤنا ملفات تعريف الارتباط لتحليل
حركة الزيارة، وتحسين موقعنا الإلكتروني، وتزويدك بإعلانات مخصّصة من أجلك. اكتشف
المزيد في [سياسة الخصوصية](https://privacypolicy.pg.com/ar-SA/) لدينا. يمكنك
تحديد خيارات أكثر تحديدًا في [أداة الموافقة على ملفات تعريف
الارتباط](javascript:void\(0\)) لدينا متى شئت.

قبول جميع ملفات تعريف الارتباط رفض جميع ملفات تعريف الارتباط غير الضرورية

