Skip to main content

-

-

[ __ Back to search results  ]( "Back to search results")

__Previous job Next job __

# Intern

Location __Dubai, Dubayy, United Arab Emirates __AV-272806
__Dubai,Dubayy,United Arab Emirates __Full-time __48 __Global Forwarding,
Freight __DHL Logistics L.L.C __Temporary Company Name __DHL Logistics L.L.C
__Weekly

[ __ Copy job link  ](javascript:void\(\)) [ __ Open in a new tab ](/)

__ Share

Share this Opportunity

  * __ Share via Facebook
  * __ Share via Twitter
  * __ Share via LinkedIn
  * __ Share via Whatsapp

###  Share job link

__

To your colleagues or friends

Cancel Copy Link

[ Apply for this job
](https://dpdhlgroup.avature.net/jobs/ApplicationMethods?jobId=272806&source=careers.dhl.com&UTM_Source=0LinkedIn&UTM_Medium=1JobWrapper&UTM_Campaign=2dhl
"Apply Now")

__ Save job  Intern

JOB DESCRIPTION

  

Would you like to be part of the most international company in the world? A
company operating in more than 220 countries worldwide and has been pioneering
cross-border express shipping since 1969. Would you like to be part of a
business that connects people across the globe and want to make a difference?
Then waste no time and join our amazing team at DHL Group. DHL Global
Forwarding, Freight (DGFF) is the Group's air, ocean, and road freight
specialist. As the Freight Forwarding Experts, since 1815, we offer standard
Global Freight services in addition to highly specialized end-to-end
transportation solutions to customers across most industries around the world.

  

**DGF UAE** has an opening for a **Intern.** You will have to Provide day-to-
day administrative support with readily available advice for OFR Ops/CS
processes and activities to deliver flow of goods and information across the
customer’s global supply chain utilizing ocean transportation, maximizing
profitability and optimizing utilization of business and human assets in line
with business strategy and objectives, corporate guidelines and policies

  

**_Join us in connecting people and improving lives._**

  

**In this Intern role, you will have to perform the following key tasks:**

  * Under direct/ close supervision, support delivery of ocean freight forwarding processes and activities for internal and external customers
  * Perform assigned tasks of generally repetitive nature to support other team members such as gathering operational requirements, arranging customer visits, responding to tariff queries, etc.
  * Undertake routine tasks such as research, data processing and validation, and documentation
  * Under guidance, gather input for freight control center, and details, information and instructions for operations team
  * Perform tasks to support determining of freight rate on incoming and outgoing materials and products
  * Gather and give information for customer visits to maintain close business relationship with existing clients and enhance customer retention
  * Record information and data for shipping tenders
  * Enter data and share information, and support shipment documentation for freight forwarding
  * Collate data and draft reports and updates for account performances to support other team members
  * Follow defined processes, systems and methods for delivery of assigned tasks
  * Check recurring routine issues faced during delivery, else escalate to supervisor for inputs and guidance

In area of OFR product:

  * Create and/or confirm transport orders, perform and optimize bookings
  * Prepare, control, and distribute all required Import/Export documents
  * Identify performance issues of suppliers, and propose solutions to improve performance
  * Update Customs shipment information and physical status, resolve customer issues and incidents

Stakeholders

  * Support and interact primarily with colleagues of own team
  * Communicate information that requires little explanation or interpretation
  * Address task-related issues appropriately to maintain work relationships

Management Responsibility

  * Individual contributor without direct responsibility for leading others

**Now, here’s what we need from you.**

**_Qualifications & Key Requirements _**

**Education Level**

  * Vocational/Specialized/Technical/Certification

**Experience Level**

  * Less than 2 years

**_Skills:_**

Routing, Shipping, Carrier Management, Third Party Logistics, Ports, Ground
Transportation, FCL, LCL, Cold Chain, Bill Of Lading, English, Tracking,
Regulations, Import Export, Customs Brokerage, Customs Regulations, CRM,
Telecommunications, Budgets, Microsoft Excel, Technology Trends, DHL Business
Knowledge, Business Processes, Stakeholder Management, Feedback

**We offer:**

  * Opportunities in a global company where you can contribute your ideas and skills to move towards our shared goals.
  * Possible further career development
  * Competitive salary

**Why join DHL Global Forwarding?**

We are part of Deutsche Post DHL, the world’s leading logistics provider with
operations in over 220 countries. Visit our career site on the web at
<https://www.logistics.dhl/us-en/home/careers.html>

If you are ready to join our team and become a future leader in the world of
Freight Forwarding, submit your resume via OUR career’s website.

Our **TOP EMPLOYER prestigious certification** attests to our best-in-class
efforts to attract and retain talent by fostering a positive work environment
and encouraging personal and professional development among employees. The
development of talented women in our organization will be a focus for us and
an important part of our DGF Strategy 2025.

We aspire to become the undisputed leader in our industry, **when people think
of forwarding; we want them to think DGF** because we have:

  * The**largest global network** with more than ~30,000 passionate employees
  * The most **efficient processes** and **fastest response times**
  * The **best solutions** and **best customer service**

**Our Vision:** The Logistics Company for the World.

**Our Mission:** Excellence. Simply Delivered.  
**Our Purpose:** Connecting People, improving lives.  
**Our Values:** Respect & Results  
**Our Goals:** Employer, Provider, and Investment of Choice, Living
Responsibility

_DHL Global Forwarding is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified
applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other
legally protected characteristics._

[ Apply for this job
](https://dpdhlgroup.avature.net/jobs/ApplicationMethods?jobId=272806&source=careers.dhl.com&UTM_Source=0LinkedIn&UTM_Medium=1JobWrapper&UTM_Campaign=2dhl
"Apply Now")

__ Save Job  Intern

__Explore Location

[ __ Close the popup  ](javascript:void\(0\))

##  Get notified for similar jobs

Sign up to receive job alerts

Enter Email address (Required)

Activate

[ ](javascript:void\(0\))

__

### Failure!

Ok

##  Get tailored job recommendations based on your interests.

Get Started

__ profile icon

__

##

.

__

![loading](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/DPDHGLOBAL/en_global/desktop/assets/images/loader.gif)

##  Profile recommendations

See more  __

See less  __ See next  __ See even more  __

No recommendations found

##  Similar Jobs

See more  __

See less  __ See next  __ See even more  __

No recommendations found

##  Jobseekers Also Viewed

  * [ Intern  ](https://careers.dhl.com/global/en/job/DPDHGLOBALAV272806ENAMEREXTERNAL/Intern)

Location __Dubai, Dubayy, United Arab Emirates Category __ Posted Date
__01/02/2025

Would you like to be part of the most international company in the world? A
company operating in more than 220 countries worldwide and has been pioneering
cross-border express shipping since 1969. ...

    * [ Apply Now Intern ](https://dpdhlgroup.avature.net/jobs/ApplicationMethods?jobId=272806&source=careers.dhl.com)

  * [ Customer Implementation Specialist  ](https://careers.dhl.com/global/en/job/DPDHGLOBALAV273168ENGLOBALEXTERNAL/Customer-Implementation-Specialist)

Location __Dubai, Dubayy, United Arab Emirates Category __ Posted Date
__01/03/2025

Would you like to be part of the most international company in the world? A
company operating in more than 220 countries worldwide and has been pioneering
cross-border express shipping since 1969. ...

    * [ Apply Now Customer Implementation Specialist ](https://dpdhlgroup.avature.net/jobs/ApplicationMethods?jobId=273168&source=careers.dhl.com)

  * [ Call Center Advisor - UAE National  ](https://careers.dhl.com/global/en/job/DPDHGLOBAL2400CQJEXTERNALENEU/Call-Center-Advisor-UAE-National)

Location __Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Category __Customer Services
Posted Date __11/18/2024

COME JOIN THE WORLD’S MOST INTERNATIONAL COMPANY. A company that pioneered
cross-border express delivery in 1969 and is now active in more than 220
countries and territories worldwide. DHL UAE is t...

    * [ Apply Now Call Center Advisor - UAE National ](https://careers.dhl.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=DPDHGLOBAL2400CQJEXTERNALENEU)

  * [ Receptionist - Emirati Nationals Only  ](https://careers.dhl.com/global/en/job/DPDHGLOBAL24004I5EXTERNALENGLOBAL/Receptionist-Emirati-Nationals-Only)

Location __Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Category __Strategy and
Management Posted Date __05/06/2024

COME JOIN THE WORLD’S MOST INTERNATIONAL COMPANY. A company that pioneered
cross-border express delivery in 1969 and is now active in more than 220
countries and territories worldwide. DHL UAE is the recognized...

    * [ Apply Now Receptionist - Emirati Nationals Only ](https://careers.dhl.com/global/en/apply?jobSeqNo=DPDHGLOBAL24004I5EXTERNALENGLOBAL)

  * [ Regional Business Processes and Applications Support (BPST) Specialist - MEA  ](https://careers.dhl.com/global/en/job/DPDHGLOBALAV270384ENGLOBALEXTERNAL/Regional-Business-Processes-and-Applications-Support-BPST-Specialist-MEA)

Location __Dubai, Dubayy, United Arab Emirates Category __ Posted Date
__12/20/2024

Regional Business Processes and Application Support (BPST) Specialist - MEA.
Would you like to be part of the most international company in the world? A
company operating in more than 220 countries...

    * [ Apply Now Regional Business Processes and Applications Support (BPST) Specialist - MEA ](https://dpdhlgroup.avature.net/jobs/ApplicationMethods?jobId=270384&source=careers.dhl.com)

See more  __

See less  __ See next  __ See even more  __

No recommendations found

568a97e813534705bee454be874ed165

### Privacy Preference Center

This website uses cookies and similar technologies, (hereafter
“technologies”), which enable us, for example, to determine how frequently our
internet pages are visited, the number of visitors, to configure our offers
for maximum convenience and efficiency and to support our marketing efforts.
These technologies incorporate data transfers to third-party providers based
in countries without an adequate level of data protection (e. g. United
States). For further information, including the processing of data by third-
party providers and the possibility of revoking your consent at any time,
please see your settings under “Consent Preferences” and our  
[Privacy Notice](https://careers.dhl.com/global/en/data-protection-notice)

Accept All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Technologies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Technologies

These technologies are used to ensure that our website operates correctly and
they cannot be deactivated.

Details‎

#### Performance Technologies

Performance Technologies

These technologies collect information about the way our website is used, such
as the Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the website
from which you accessed our site, number of visits, average time spent on the
site and pages viewed.

Details‎

#### Analytics Technologies

Analytics Technologies

We use analytics technologies to improve the quality of our website and its
content, and to ensure that our partners’ embedded services work properly.

Details‎

Confirm Selection

[](https://onetrust.com/poweredbyonetrust)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

Select All Hosts

  * ### 33Across

#### host description

#### View Cookies

REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID

    * Name

cookie name

Confirm Selection

[](https://onetrust.com/poweredbyonetrust)

### We use cookies!

To continously improve the user experience on www.dhl.com we use cookies to
analyse our website. You can decide, which cookies you allow us to use. By
clicking "Accept All Cookies" you give consent to use all cookies and to
forward your data to third party services. You can decline the use of cookies
anytime by clicking "Cookies Settings". Please note that strictly neccessary
cookies are always active to enable basic functions of our website. [Privacy
notice](https://www.dhl.com/global-en/home/footer/global-privacy-notice.html)

Accept All Cookies

Cookies Settings

